Cons: Very hierarchical 

Low- Paid, number one complaint from all the colleagues in my team of 8 people - versus other FMCG

Bad working / life balance despite all the good efforts from HR

Heavier workload in supply chain than other departments - you ll finish at 8 pm very often and later on days of monthly transmission or KPIs reporting 

No time for analysis as operational workload is so high, many SKUs to manage, reports and inefficient processes (but it gets better)

Under- staffed

Stressful working environment 

You need to be determined, persistent and fight for your rights or you will be eaten alive

Networking counts - other divisions, departments  or other subsidiaries: you need to find time to socialize and tie lies 

Change of management every 3 years as per L'oreal policy which disrupts the flow
Advice: More staff and people's rotation in order to decrease such high turnover
Pros: People are passionate about the brands, talented and friendly 

Staff sales every 2 months on all the products (about 4000 SKUs) 

Annual Incentive trip to amazing destinations 

Very good school:  processes, reporting but you need to catch fast and learn to work on stress management and priorities 

Friendly corporate culture: launch events, annual results, citizen's day, farewell etc...

Incentive to take time on working hours for social responsible activities in the community organized by the company 

Possibilities to move to another department, division or subsidiary if good ties and recommendation from your manager

Cons: -no work / life balance 
-v long hours 
-political, if you are not in the 'clique' you will not progress well in this company
-no transparency on salary bands, you have to fight for increase at every opportunity given
-if they want you to leave they make this obvious - via unwarranted capability process or just limiting your progression so you feel you have no choice but to leave
-high pressure which leads to a very stressful environment 
-large workload but small teams due to limited headcount
-meeting charters not respected, not unusual to have a meeting commence at 6pm
-there is a need to permanently cover your back by cc'ing all into e-mails or following up any phone calls with a written e-mail
-as an employee you do not feel valued, you feel replaceable
Advice: 1. Your employees are your assets- remember that.
2. GM's -you need to manage your egos.
3. Before pointing a finger of blame at an employee, look at the assets/resources they are given to do their job.
Pros: -Discounted products
-looks great on CV
-good opportunities to learn
-can move into international roles

Cons: &gt; No Handover, No Notes, No Support
&gt; HR have their heads in the clouds about the state of not only the business, but also the state of their own department.
&gt; Either non-existent or not very robust commercial controls/checks/balances
&gt; I was lied to in order to get someone to accept the role that I accepted - i should have known it would be a nightmare based on all of the experiences of colleagues and friends of mine that have either worked there or been exposed to its culture
Advice: Stop resting on your laurels, good product alone isnt going to keep L'Oreal alive - not only are you losing good talent but will find it difficult to attract and retain good talent if you dont look inwards at what you could and should fix within the business. Also need to look at the knowledge levels of people in the business that advise clients and professionals on your product - I have been made aware of numerous occasions where "Technical Support" tell people on the phone that "they are the last to know". Fix this, as Salons and professionals are moving away from your product now because you cannot support them. No Sales = No Business.
Pros: None whatsoever - this was an absolute waste of my time.

Cons: 1) 0 work-life balance (meaning you will be expected to work evenings, weekends, holidays, etc...) 
2) HR policy is as follows: a) hire new grads, b) pay them low salaries and work them 60 hour/week, c) they'll stick around anyway because they want the experience and they fell for the "OMG I work at L'Oreal how cool", d) once they've burned out or found normal paying or normal hour jobs elsewhere they'll leave, e) replace them with the next new grad, f) repeat. Different story with management though, I hear they invest in their managers.
Advice: Wow, where do I begin....
a) Hire more people! Maybe than your turnover rate won't be astronomically high! You're loosing money retraining new hires all the time anyway!
b) Pay new grads a decent salary, I know they're easily replaceable, but they're also the backbone of your organization, so invest in your non-management employees.
Pros: 1) good learning opportunity.
2) it's a well known company so it does look good on your resume, but no better or worse than any other well known company.
3) everyone is so overworked and bitter that, ironically, it makes for good conversation and lots of good laughs with the people that you work with.

Cons: Who really wants to work get overloaded with little recognition. All evaluations will tell you how great you are but you salary you remain the same for as long as they can keep it that way. All teams are always understaffed.
Advice: Get a better HR team. 
Most of the managers are really young and do not have a clue about managing.
If there is a department where every employee is working 20 extra hours for the past 10 weeks, it means that they are understaffed! No need to wait 2 years to get to this conclusion!
Make the decision process faster. I understanding it is a big company, but sometimes it is better to choose a path, even if it is not the best one rather than not choose at all.
Marketing must have freedom, but they also must know what they should do.
Operations needs processes. All freedom must have limits.
Pros: Great place to learn. L´Oréal is a company that encourages employees to do their best and be owners of their projects. I never thought that I would have so much freedom to do my work.

Cons: -Lack of direction & leadership will wear you down- be warned.
-Very strange culture across particular divisions- high focus on 'boys club' & overseas people are often bought into the country rather than promoting from within or local talent options.
-Very long hours with lack of reward or recognition for people's contribution- a lot of talk around fixing this but highly unlikely until they change the management in particular divisions. Note- summer hours don't cut it for what you actually sacrifice. 
-Do not ever expect to get a correct report- never before have experienced such a poorly run operation for a global leader.
-Poor financial controls although so much focus is on this there is little or no idea what is going on in the business.
-Living in the stone ages with technology. 
-No clear KPI's everyone has their own agenda.
-You will do things 100 times over without having clear direction on what was actually required to begin with.
-No training or education at all for employees.
-Bullying style of management.
-No team culture very divided
Advice: Read the above & listen to the feedback in the industry- this says it all.
Pros: Products are great this is the only key feature of this company

Cons: - Terrible top management. 
No guidance or assistance when you need help. But if things would go bad, you are to blame   Example: Especially in the first few months in your first job ever, you should be able to ask some questions as you are like an alien. In my case, it wasn't allowed to ask "how" questions. You could only suggest a possible set of solutions to your manager and he would choose the direction for you. How you are supposed to get to those options is a mystery. You can ask around of course but nobody would have time for you. 

-Tough, unwelcoming culture. 
Feedbacks are not constructive. If you lack a certain attribute, they'd rather change you than invest in you.
Everybody is focused on their own success. No team spirit. At least it was so in my case. A lot of people feel like outsiders.

- Long working hours
Was never a problem for me but for a lot of people I can imagine that it could be.
Advice: You really need a bit more empathy... Please investigate why the turnover rate is so high and burn out are so common.
Pros: - Great brands
- Lots of early responsibility
- Quick career advancement

Cons: Too long working hours with no OT pay
Irrational senior management who onky knows to push but no help
Only product focus-limited creativity in marketing
No idea about digital world, think onky to put official content on Internet is enough
Politics and only French or French-lovers can be promoted 
Pyramid effect-top and muddle management don't move so the junior managers keep leaving
Advice: Teach senior managers to control their temper before sending them out to push subsidiaries 
Offer more promotion opportunities or else ppl will keep leaving 
If you cancel profit sharing kits of ppl will leave 
Allow more creative matket and celebrity endorsement is not the only solution
HR is useless
Pros: International exposure 
High quality standard
Early responsibility
World profit sharing

Cons: No transparency between management and lower levels and work life balance is non-existent if you want to move up the corporate ladder quickly.
Advice: If you want to retain your top talent encourage work life balance and walk the walk.  Don't ask for the sky all the time as you will burn your employees as they are the most dynamic and talented teams I have ever worked with.
Pros: If you are motivated, smart and creative you will move up fast within the company learning very quickly and gaining responsibility just as quickly.  Great place to begin you career.  Keep in mind it is probably the largest group of over achievers under one roof you will ever meet.

Cons: Company is extremely political, work needs to be constantly redone before having to be approved by all the hierarchy. Long working hours, without the feeling you are being valued for it. Good start salary but low yearly increases across the company due to poor sales performance in the last years.
Advice: Stop the old, hierarchical, "devil wears prada" style management. You need to empower your employees and value their work. Secret alliances, special treatments and irrational behavior doesn't create a healthy and productive work environment
Pros: Autonomy at work, hands-on and challenging projects. Less structures sometimes means opportunity for more ideas (not that they are always taken into account). Interesting and intelligent co-workers. Good for resume.

Cons: Be ready to work way more than 40hr/week.
You're just a number and they remind you every day that you can easily be replace.
Judgmental environment, people backstab each others and trash talk to get promoted
High % of depression, burn out, etc.
Advice: If someone leaves on a burn out, don't give his or her job to someone else who'se alrwady working more than 60hr per week. This person will eventually leave on a burn out too. Just hire someone on a contract to help out you employees.
Pros: Good salary and incentives
Possibility to advance within the company
Prestige of the brand
Glamorous environment

Cons: The organization is so complex that sometimes it is difficult to make things move
No process and no methodology
The salary in France is based on a package with a fix salary and a very important "intéressement+participation" (3 to 4 months of salary per year free of charges). The problem is that the fix is in general lower than in other companies.
Advice: Please take decisions and defend them
Pros: You build your own carrier at L'Oréal
There are still new fields to explore
This is a challenging world that can build a person and his carrier
There are a lot of business represented and with some bridges if you have talents.

Cons: The inequalities between the different divisions are alot. Office staff eat on glass and overall normal plates while factory staff eat on metal plates.
 Employees working on Loreal consumer products division have extremely high benefits compared to staff working on local products(which ironically sell more).
Extremely low salaries for interns, management trainees and those on contract.
Slow decision making.
Frequent resignations.
Few career growth opportunities for locals.
Advice: You have to make things more equal in Kenya. For the company to grow, discrimmination has to stop.
Make everyone feel as if the role they play in the company is valued.
Get more locals in high up positions as they understand East Africa more, especially in sales and marketing.
Pros: No dress code.
Open door policy.

Cons: After the first 3 yrs. the learning curve flattens and politics takes over. High turnover of employees. Above middle management everything is about politics. Promotion and rewards are not based on performance or facts but rather politics.
Advice: Move the company towards a more performance based rewards enviroment.
Pros: Fast pace environment, work & social becomes one, competition between brands and teams is high (which is both good and bad), you get full responsibility (and accountability) from day 1. One of the best marketing schools in the Fast Moving Consumer Goods.

Cons: If you dont want to work hard and surpass yourself,  its better to choose another company. Some managers would need to update their management skills.
Advice: Listen more to younger generation and encourage collaboration and collective spirit
Pros: You can have a carreer you would never have imagined for yourself, just because HR People care about Who you really are,  and challenge you about your project even your dream. And you will meet really different people, all very smart,  différent,  unique,  and with strong personnalities

Cons: - Poor leadership - as promotions are given based on politics and not on leadership capability
- No work / life balance - expect to spend long hours in the office everyday, expect to get your plans dropped because an in prompt meeting was set, expect to ask for forgiveness if you take vacation days
- Very competitive work environment - people would do ANYTHING even ilegal things for a promotion, sharks will be waiting for an opportunity to throw you under the bus
- Salary is not great
- Very Hierarchical culture - you will not be able to make any decision in the business  
- Micro management -decisions even the easiest ones like more gold less yellow in a secondary font for a carton will take a lot of meetings until a decision is made
- Racism - expect to be discriminated based on your origin and race, employees are not treated with respect
- Huge employee turnover - at all management levels (from Brand President to Assistant Managers)
- Promotion and rewards are not based on performance or facts but rather politics.
- A lot of work under pressure - because decisions were pushed to the very last minute, you will have your manager on your neck once the decision is made to finish things off
- Little to no training (formal or informal) - you are expected to figure everything out from day one 
- Lack of IT systems-  you end up managing a really large business on excel spreadsheets
Advice: None
Pros: - Beauty business is great, you get a lot of free product and the Xmas party is glamorous. They brought Sarah Jessica Parker
- Amazing brands to work on
- You will always be busy
- You really learn the business
- Management is very knowledgeable of the business
- Attention to the minimum detail
- Very challenging projects
- Great products
- Great name in the resume

Cons: the same operations, no creativity and development, no leadership culture, values only on the paper, not structured documents, no transition, luck of synergy between department - each department work for own goal, not for common company goal
Advice: - culture - leaders should inspire, develop and coach people 
- HR should care about retention rate - a lot of quality people leave 
- more synergies between departments
- more structured and optimized processes and documents
Pros: Wide scale of operations, intensive work every day, adequate managers, fast growth and opportunities, good office, managers give responsibility

Cons: A lot of work, work more for young and without families (possible to arrange but not easy), strict and sometimes stupid procedures. Too much manager involvement sometimes, needs more trust.
Advice: More empowerement, less micro-management, more honesty and transparency, quicker decisions.
Pros: Very dynamic, good brands and products, strong corporate culture, fair treatment, all official taxation and salary (all on time), flexible work time, trainings and development for some positions. Chance to work on your own things, smart managers. Very smart colleagues.

Cons: The workload and the ryhtm is sometimes tough to handle. You have to be very resilient because the expectancies are high. The Talent culture based on the starification of individuals is sometimes annoying.
Advice: None
Pros: I've changed jobs 4 times since I started and have been given responsabilities at the very beginning of my career. 
i'm constantly challenged by my managers & am given lots of opportunities to "shine".
Great projects with the financial means to achieve great results.
The compensation package is good with great benefits.

Cons: Poor planning, you are required to waste time creating slide decks that will rarely be used.
Poor work life balance, the company thinks that you need to devote 100% of your life to work.
Bad managers. Managers are good product creators, but have poor people management skills.
Advice: None
Pros: Mobility across functions, brands and geographies.
The company is truly serious in producing high quality products, very reliable.
Young people, high energy environment.

Cons: senior management do not have a vision for the subsidiary. The attitude is laid back and every below the senior management define the rules of work according to their likes. A lot of internal politics is disintegrating the strong bonding between the teams.
Advice: Change focus to make it a healthy organization, promote and growth talents.
Pros: good ambiance and workplace. Nice place to explore your self and stretch your expertise.

Cons: Worst work life balance. 9 - 5 job? I've never done those hours the whole time I've been there. You will be there until 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 or even midnight. And even then you will go home and work more. Those hours are expected. Even if you leave at 6, it will be noticed and asked why you are leaving early. Meetings are regularly scheduled after 'work' hours. Say goodbye to having dinner with friends and family. Say goodbye to your life.  

Worst culture. A boys club. Yes in a beauty company. It's as if as a female you have no opinion, your ideas are wrong, you are looked down on. 

Worst planning. Everything was due yesterday. No concept of prioritising. Everything is now, now, now. There's no planning out beyond the current season. It's reactive, not proactive. 

Worst development. Zero focus on development plans or training. You will be promised it but it will never happen. You won't get any feedback on your performance until the end of year review. And trust me, shocks will hit you in the face at your review. I've seen barely any promotions unless you are well liked, not if the person is ready. 

Worst turnover. Rumoured to be 75%. I think it's higher. It's a never ending revolving door. No stability. No getting to know your team. Constant upheaval. 

Worst hiring of local talent. A lot of talent is brought in from international locations. I wouldn't call them talent really. I regularly see international people here to work in Australia hired over locals and L'Oreal getting these people visas. 

Worst management. No clear direction. No vision. No sharing of objectives and results. No team activities. Any managers that allow all these things to happen are not worth working for.

Worst place to work. Don't do it. You think you will be working for a big company with great brands. You will regret it. Trust me. You will want to walk out constantly. Trust me.
Advice: Test others how you want to be treated. Treat your employees like humans. Offer encouragement and advice. Celebrate wins. Be human.
Pros: Big company that looks good on your resume. Only because it is a well known fact that if you can last a year at L'Oreal you can do anything.

Cons: Highly french environment, and not foreigner friendly. Limited growth opportunities for minorities nationalities. 
Evaluation process is unclear and skewed, performance is very relationship based but not actual output based.
Advice: Be more open minded and transparent. 
More results driven with clear KPI.
Pros: There is a lot of opportunities to young people no matter you are gay, transsexual, different origins.
There is also a lot of movements between different brands and sometimes between divisions.

Cons: Horrible work/life balance - you will feel guilty leaving before 6-7pm
Overtime is expected
Little to no support or training from company or managers
You are expected to "figure it out" on your own
People willing to throw you under the bus
Inefficient processes
Lack of accountability
DISORGANIZED - everything is last minute causing immense pressure and stress on everyone
Lack of communication
Lack of headcount - everyone is doing two jobs causing disorganization/stress
Advice: Treat employees with more respect
Set realistic expectations
Set realistic KPI's and have regular conversations regarding current/upcoming projects
More open communication
Pros: Brand name, great for CV advancement
Free products
Young work culture - after work drinks/team bonding

Cons: Can be chaotic.  Atmosphere in the countries is very good but leadership can be very French and emotional.  Blaming people rather than helping with answers.
Advice: 
Pros: Fantastic people, really fun and brilliant, great socialising.  Good people get rewarded and fast-tracked.  Glamorous job, people will always want to talk about it.  Opportunities for international careers.

Cons: very long and intense hours. If you can't cope with stress, better work somewhere else! no life and work balance.
Advice: More organisation and less madeness
Pros: Great people, a lot of energy, creativity everywhere. You work very hard but you laugh  a lot as well. I learned a lot, worked with a brilliant woman. I loved every second of it!

Cons: Management issues - problems cannot be addressed as employee privacy not taken seriously. Incompetent people at certain top brand position, hindering growth of brands. Doesn't appreciate it's people.
Advice: Allow staff to rate brand managers (appraisals for all - top and bottom). Tie in staff turnover to BM's KPI.
Pros: Good brands, you meet some good people. Good if you don't mind doing a lot outside of what is required.

Cons: The office culture follows informal rules and networking,  rather than processes. As we grow bigger, we should follow simple processes, so as to make our working lives easier.
Advice: Ideally, to be less hierachical.
Pros: The excellent quality of our colleagues, people with strong ethical principles and a passion for their work. A strong sense of beauty, a real attention to detail,  a school for marketing!

Cons: Senior Management make all the decisions and quick to dismiss other viewpoints. 

Yet indecisive management means we need to adapt to constantly changing objectives.

Lots of reliance on interns and grads who have worked their way up and adopted company values but lack best practice experience.

Very inefficient ways of working. Too much time spent in meetings which add little value. Lack business strategy and direction. Lots of unnecessary high level roles cause confusion as unsure who needs to be involved and they are not required to create business strategies. 

Contrasting opinions of senior management with unclear briefs given resulting in many insignificant changes forced on by managers.

Very frustrating to work with slow paced decision makers. Difficult and embarrassing to communicate with cusomers. Constantly wasting time.

There is a lack of people management skills. Some managers lack self awareness and the impact their behaviour causes on others.

I have witnessed and experienced bullying here by Senior Managers who try to make you fit the mould. This issue is not tackled but ignored. This has led to my departure without an exit interview.

Turnover is exceptionally high at at least 70% but there it has become a joke rather than addresses.

Systems are very out of date. Many do not have access to work from home so have to come into the office at weekends.

Lots of wasted money in the wrong areas yet not enough spent to motivate their people. Lots of out of pocket expenses when travelling.
Advice: Review business structure and ensure you have the correct people managers in place which can drive strategies without abusing their power of authority.

Feedback is 2 way and should be engaged across all levels of the business to get the best result first time.

Provide people management training. Tackle bullying head on. Managers are not motivating their teams and fuelling constant churn of employees. How you treat others is a reflection of yourself and the business.
Pros: Working with Innovative, international brands makes the sell much easier.
Also easy to get passionate about the products.
Generous discounts and samples.
Looks great on your resume.
Regular intake of grads and interns.
Lots of internal promotions particularly in Marketing.

Cons: Very chaos environment. No standard SOP. The speed of the process depends on key men who like you or not. If key men like you, they skip unnecessary procedures and save lots of time. very political. Fighting is very common to see.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, encourage employee to express their ideas and allow employees to try and error, Marketing-oriented company.

Cons: Unstable manpower, high turnover, absolutely no work life balance here and too confrontational culture.
Advice: Strongly recommend in ways of improving work life balance to retain talent and harness experience of employees.
Pros: Great team work, very high energy work environment, lots of fun activities during / off work and a very flat organisation across.

Cons: Hard work !  Intensive pace - regular  new launches. You arrive at certain level of management and you can't grow  (at least in Eastern Europe).
Advice: Give the  possibility of managers to  grow.
Pros: Great company to work . Organization is flat. Really company where you can learn a lot. Good compensation package.
Excellent products. Great marketing !!!

Cons: -very hierarchical, political & old fashioned culture, no flexibility in working hours, not sufficient working equipment (laptop & cellphone), low salaries for junior staff
Advice: The company must change in order to attract the best talents.
Pros: -great people, fast paced environment - you won't get bored, a lot of responsibility from the day one

Cons: chaos, very political, very low salaries in Warsaw, high rotation
Advice: try to keep best people in the company, it's really worth it. then you wouldn't have to buy them back again for a lot more after a couple of years
Pros: lots of independence right from the start, glamorous, global brands and big marketing budgets, quick progression possibilities

Cons: Lots of stress and harsh environment. You have to earn and maintain your position daily.
This requieres a lot of energy.
Advice: None
Pros: people are passionate about their jobs, and strive for better results. Changing jobs within the structure is also quite easy and happens every 1-2 years. 
Lots of opportunities if you work hard, and superior salary than other similar jobs

Cons: In order to succeed you have to give up your personal life. 
Company has a lot of useless and time consuming procedures.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a big company were you can have professional development not only on one segment/ channel or department. In L'Oreal you can pass form commercial to logistics and even to human resources.

Cons: work-life balance is a disaster
uninteresting marketing on local level (adaptations only, launch execution routine)
too french, top management french only
Advice: Play more local, not only HQ top management can do business
Pros: nice products (fashion & beauty)
possibilities to move to HQ pretty quickly
major market player - good for CV

Cons: Very Long Hours
Politics level - close to unbearable 
No focus on excellence
People are fired without any plausible reason or fake reasons
Advice: Treat people as people, not as numbers...
Pros: Good Pay
Nice Colleagues
Many opportunities of growth

Cons: lack of structured approach, unclear career progression factors, very political company, intense workload
Advice: improve vision and long term strategy, innovate and take more risks, grow on digital
Pros: very young workforce, great variety of projects, career opportunity, diversity. amazing products and brands.

Cons: No work life balance. Extremely overworked. Extremely political and ultra competitive environment. No recognition for hard work. No system and disorganized. Too many meetings.
Advice: No advice. They don't listen.
Pros: Very dynamic and fast-paced. Great brands with superb R & D. Passionate people.

Cons: Very stressful, long hours, hypocrite people
Advice: Invest in your interns, teach them, involve them, become their mentor
Pros: free products, you learn a lot and the company invest in your personal development. You can also grow very fast within the company if you are good at your job.

Cons: Lack of salary grades and compensation policies and development policies . Clear way to achieve next levels Nd evaluatuation process . Relationship based
Advice: The value  or the culture is more important than the results
Pros: Ownership and freedow to delivery results. Spend high energy to achieve results and negotiate internally

Cons: - Competitive work environment
- No life-work balance. You work a lot
- Human Resources are extremely disorganized
- Salary is not great
Advice: None
Pros: - Beauty business is phenomenal
- Lot's of responsibility 
- You really feel your ideas / decisions have an impact on the business
- Excellent school. You learn a lot

Cons: I enjoy my work a lot but sumtimes v have to stand for hole day without having any thing
Advice: Give freedom of work.
Pros: I breaf about products of our company to the staf of a salon and also thear fought.

Cons: Long working hours, high pressure and very little support for new starters
Advice: None
Pros: If you interested in learning something new -  this is the best place with a lot of opportunities.

Cons: Feedback, senior management is very distant from country management, goals are driven by finance and not by circumstance
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best companies to be a creative person, you always have the chance to dream and fulfill

Cons: Disorganized, buroecratic, terrible work&life balance. HR is almost not present.
Advice: They have to try harder to understand who the talented people are and make them happy
Pros: You make your position, great opportunities for leadership, amazing products and best practices

Cons: - Reactive Organization
- Non-innovative
- Highly unorganized
- Horrific work-life balance
- Horrific pay
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Team
- Free Products (and generous allowance)
- Lots of exposure to difference elements of the business
- Young Vibrant Work space
- Invitations to a lot of cool events.

Cons: no work-life balance, low recognition for hard work, salaries below average
Advice: think about the employee turnover
Pros: extremly fast-paced, great opportunity to grow, difficult and challenging tasks, possibiity to make your ideas happen, international environment, lots of free cosmetics

Cons: Long Working Hours
Little Work Life Balance
Advice: Allow to speak english in meetings instead of french
Pros: You learn to work under a lot of pressure
You learn to mutlitask
You become a real Marketing and Consumer Insight Expert

Cons: Low pay vs. competitors, high stress, long hours
Advice: Increase salaries or add in role bonuses.
Pros: Great people, young and fast paced environment, room for quick progression. Good work and initiative are really valued

Cons: Politics play a role in career advancement
A company that demands much from employees, but gives relatively little back
Advice: Create a more transparent work path.
Pros: Great co-workers
Young and dynamic environment
Strong brands

Cons: Long working hour
Salary below CPG average
Too many meetings
Plans changed in the last minute
Advice: None
Pros: Worked with a lot of talented young people
Worked with lots of innovation products
A firm that leads cosmetic market
Fast paced working environment 
Discount on the brand name products

Cons: More than ten hours of work per day.
Advice: None
Pros: You are learning everyday something different, you are in touch with very interesting and intelligent people. The possibility of grow up in the company is real.

Cons: FMCG environment is fast paced. Beauty industry can be 'superficial'
Advice: More training opportunities and regional exposure needed
Pros: Company gives relatively big responsibilities even to fresh grads. Good attempts at work life balance with flexi hours implemented.

Cons: Superficial industry and people, lack of mentorship and guidance, high turnover rate, brands and profit first not people
Advice: None
Pros: Great brands, fast paced environment, thriving work culture, passionate people, opportunities to move around within the company

Cons: - must like beauty/cosmetics to stay long
- lots of politics
- some over-aggressive/over-confident people
Advice: None
Pros: - high-class company
- many responsibilities from the start
- business trips to all levels
- institutionalized trainings

Cons: Limited career opportunities. A typical strict multinational company
Advice: Employees are not numbers! They are personalities
Pros: Large amount of knowledge, expanding the capacity of workers and establishing principles and bases for all subsequent work.

Cons: A little too hierarchical for my liking and you really need to be a French national to succeed.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovative, fast moving, young, fresh culture and forward thinking

Cons: People, work life balance, classism (stagiare are considered less than humans). General falsity.
Advice: Pay more your best employer
Pros: The university of marketing. Learn best you can and go far away.

Cons: Long hours with no overtime payments
Advice: Pay overtime or hire an extra personnel
Pros: Discounted products, great friendly colleagues

Cons: Very messed HR system that your performance is really mouth talk.
Advice: None
Pros: it's a good start for fresh gruaduaer where they give you max to work

Cons: Can't see any cons. Everything was great!
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture and ethics politics, interesting challenges and projects, friendly staff

Cons: TO have a bigger Market share versus the competitors.
Advice: covering the Market over all categories.
Pros: A Multinational company that hold a big Market share.

Cons: Not so awesome people to work with
Little prospects for advancement (Small company)
No people development / trainings
Advice: Invest more in people development
Pros: Business is skyrocketing
New CEO in place

Cons: Poor management. If you´re not good friends with your manager, you won't get promoted
Advice: Get some people skills
Pros: Steep learning curve, and a lot of
Young people

Cons: - low salary comparing to other FMCG companies
- too much bureaucracy
- long working hours
Advice: Encrease salaries
Pros: - getting diversed expirienced
- working atmosphere
- career growth

Cons: income not directly related to job duties. growth is not clear.
Advice: Must develop more young talent to take over managerial positions sooner.
Pros: young atmosphere, dynamic, responsible from day 1.

Cons: You can end up working long hours during month-end periods
Advice: Be more considerate about career growth of subordinates
Pros: Work environment is great, flexible timings, good compensation

Cons: Unprofessional senior man com frequently shout and can be verbally abusive in meetings

Totally unstructured and haphazard method of doing business

Poor relationship between sales and marketing functions 

Micro managed by managers who are entirely autocratic
Advice: Weed out the mediocrity and arrogance from the team.
Pros: Great brands

Exciting product launches

Casual work wear vs. Other fmcg companies

Cons: sometimes it is too big to manage
Advice: make more meetings to introduce the company structure
Pros: It is a very international place to work at

Cons: the people can do whatever they want so everything turns to "that is not my responsability"
Advice: None
Pros: new office, multifunctional structure, multicultural company

Cons: lack of standards,  training process and carrer path plans
Advice: Focus on carrer plan for employees
Pros: # 1 cosmetic industry
freedom to execute and implement

Cons: too much overtime work, people sometimes are aggressive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, fast growing company
