Cons: Caliber of talent is not so high specially across Mid Levels & Juniors however a lot of work is being put to elevate the talent level across the organisation.
Advice: None
Pros: I joined L'Oreal in Beirut 2 month back in a Mid Level Managerial Position. I had worked previously in 2 other multinational FMCG companies for more than 8 years.

Prior and during my joining period, the L'Oreal HR team have made my recruitment and on-boarding very smooth, pleasant and fast. My On-Boarding plan was prepared for me prior to joining, as of my first week I had completed most of my inductions and met/ interacted with all supporting functions . 
The HR department also shared with me a clear overview on the company and welcomed me with a gift bag as a welcoming gesture. 

I quickly felt part of the team and part of the mission to turnaround my division.

My Manager, who was newly assigned to her role, was supportive and made sure to enable me when I needed and empowered me along the way.

Overall, the culture is nice, a lot of young people. I mostly interacted with my division, in which I believe the culture is quite great.

Benefits and salaries are adequate compared to multinationals in Lebanon, however in reward and recognition they are quiet generous.

A lot of support on Learning and Development from the L&D team , HR and leadership team.

Cons: - overtly aggressive corporate culture. Always a sense of urgency 
- work life balance is non-existant
- Not introvert friendly, must be over the top and fake to fit in. Sheep-like atmosphere.
- paid for 40 hrs however the workload of my collègues and I require 60-65 hours per week
- good for people under 30 only. Not family friendly as this company simply does not respect having a life outside of loreal 
- company leaves a ridiculous amount of responsibility on junior level employees with little to no support from upper levels or mentors. They then pass it of as “entrepreneurial”
- Half of the company  consists of expats from France who have nothing here and have nothing better to do than work 13 hrs a day
- departments work in silos
- more time spent in meetings that working on your desk
Advice: Your corporate culture is toxic and flawed and if not fixed employment will be a continuous revolving door.
Pros: - competitive salary 
- good Benefits
- good school (get to reinvent the wheel for many projects and processes)
- good brand on your CV
- flex hours, work from home, and summer hours
- Not micro managed and left to make decisions that impact the business.

Cons: - Progression is fixed - no faster than two years
- The company is still extremely digitally illiterate and slow on the uptake of digital
- Lack of processes, so it's chaotic, inefficient, and unproductive
- Employee welfare is not a priority for HR, neither does the culture focus on this. Everyone eats at their desks way too much, concerns about working hours are dismissed, there is very little appreciation for what you do
- Marketers are really more project managers who implement diktats handed to them from the central Paris office with no meaningful creative or strategic input
- Culture is competitive, not collaborative
- Cliquey 
- If you don't fit their overly prescriptive mold (extroverted, into sport, drinking and going out to bars and clubs every waking moment, lack of intellectual interests), you will not fit in or last
Advice: Define what the culture is, look after employees, fix inefficiencies, get up to speed with how marketing is now done, allow individuality to flourish
Pros: - The morning walk as you approach the building with the L'Oréal logo above gives you that five seconds of glam you so crave.

Cons: Not having a dedicated office in Cape Town to support sales team, due budget constraints within local office and thus a restrictive head count in division meant added work load, facilities within the offices could have been of a higher standard and at times created an inconvenience, lack of ongoing training and skill development opportunities available to current staff to improve and expand within their role, hiring of incorrect individuals causing complications and set backs in the work processes and systems and thus a lack of accountability and frustration within teams and divisions
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic benefits &amp; package, opportunity to travel, great incentive plans, career growth potential and opportunities, fantastic graduation programme allowing entry to company, international brand experience, exposure to diverse range of markets and brands, enjoyable work culture and ethos, involvement in and exposure to 360 degree spectrum of business functions allowed for holistic understanding of how production and business works

Cons: There is always room for improvement.
Advice: Keep giving feedback to your employees. Transparency is always best!
Pros: Always keep raising the bar and reinvent! L'Oreal employees have access to on-line doctor. You just sign in register, then you speak to a nurse you can be given an apt within the same day or are connected right away. The doctor acctualy takes time to discuss with you .  Then does his diagnosis and sends the perscritpion your your pharmacy! I mean I did this twice at the comfort of my home saved my so much TIME and worry! My pediatrician was only avialble 3 days afterwards. I can't say enough about this service. Thank you L'Oreal now that makes my life so much easier!!!!!!!

Cons: • "Fluid" management which leads to indecisiveness and lots of unnecessary back-and-forth – lack of clarity and direction.
• Political environment in brand marketing teams – high school all over again. Lots of bootlicking going on on a daily basis. Play the game or you lose.
• "Kids" (MTs turned Pdt Managers) who have not worked anywhere else think they know it all and act like their years of work in Loreal correlates to having more "power".
• Staff are constantly overworked and feel a need to ensure you "suffer" with them as well. If you don't buy into the "work over weekend" mentality, you are deemed not committed, not passionate, or not "Loreal-like".
• Terrible for middle managers, especially those outside of the Marketing scope as priority/consideration is always given to Brand teams. 
• Sorely lacking guidance and mentorship for support functions sitting in the Marketing team.
• Borderline workplace bullying with shouting matches and public shaming from peers.
Advice: • So much talk about Transformation and Ethics, yet not much is done to ensure your people follow through. 
• Support roles are hired to complement Marketing team, help them contribute successfully instead of de-prioritising these roles.  
• Stop encouraging high-school games by being clicque-y with bootlicking staff in the team –your job as a leader is to be inclusive and impartial. Playing favourites is damaging.
• Teach female managers and directors to keep their emotions and anger in check. Raising their voices or shouting in the office is not classy. People of management callibre should be more composed and poised than that.
Pros: • Decent staff allowance for quarterly goods across all 20+ brands
• Training opportunities for upskilling and regular workshops (by Google, Facebook etc)
• International mobility
• Good starting ground for Management Trainees due to fast-track career path

Cons: Where to begin... The teams are extremely low on headcount, to the point where flexible/home working had to be brought in a few years ago and this has been readily jumped to try and escape 60 hour weeks (which were and still are the norm). I've had colleagues who have constructively complained about the working hours effectively managed out of the company for being "inefficient". Everyone knew what was happening so it just meant that people stopped complaining about the workload. Unfortunately the one's managed out for inefficiency (not me) tended to be the 'nice guys/girls'.

The working environment is very cut throat. Individual teams seem to work well but cross team working is difficult as everyone is trying to come up with the best idea (and then take the credit). NAMs, SNAMs etc not only have to do their own jobs but are also organised into 'brand teams', which are essentially trade marketing roles. This is all extra work on top of your day job (whether you look after Tesco or Poundland it's the same). Writing presentations on the way to customer meetings was normal because you just couldn't find the time due to all the internal priorities. These 'brand teams' go some way to explain the extra 20ish hours everyone does each week that is unpaid.  

Talking of pay, it's low for the industry. NAMs start somewhere around the late £30's to mid £40's, and SNAMs are in the early £40's to low £50's sort of range. When you add in the long working hours, which means on average you're earning somewhere around the £13 - £16 per hour range as a SNAM, you have to question whether your life and investment in your education has been worth it for that, particularly being based in London.

The final thing I will add is that when I decided to leave and was interviewing I had to defend the fact that I had worked at L'Oreal to 2 different companies that I interviewed with, which was surprising. L'Oreal workers are seen as arrogant by the wider FMCG companies and I found myself having to say in interviews that I was not the typical L'Oreal employee in order to show that I would fit in with their company cultures.
Advice: Try to give your sales teams more choice in what they do in terms of commercial planning - having a junior product manager telling a SNAM or Business Controller what to do in this field will only ever lead to conflict.

Remember that you're employing a young team who do actually want to experience London life during the week.

Think retention! The churn rate at L'Oreal is ridiculous and it feels like people are leaving every other week.
Pros: - Product discounts and adhoc staff sales
- Given responsibility early on
- Open plan team seating, very few behind glass doors

Cons: If you raise an issue against your team or management, you’re immediately forced to leave the company.  
As a brand who speaks of equality and fairness, they’re quick to brush issues under the carpet especially serious issues such as bullying. 
Staff shop is awful, the products are never available or majority of the stock isn’t even there. Shipping costs crazy amounts. 
No compassion in regards to employees personal life.
Advice: Everyone has flaws, INCLUDING management. Instead of getting rid of those who speak up, listen to them and help improve the working environment. It’s not just “retail”, it’s where we spend a lot of our days and deserve to be understood and respected. Regardless of our job title.
Pros: The pay is good 
Training provided is useful

Cons: - Barely anyone finished at 5pm -- Sometimes you notice, sometimes you don't. But it evens out when you get to leave early on Fridays, so there's no complaining there. If you love your team, staying later isn't as bad as people make it seem.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great starting salary 
- Fun and open environment
- If you have passion for the industry, you will be amazed at what goes on behind the scenes
- Option to work from home during the year 
- Finish at 3pm on Fridays in the fall/winter and 12:30pm on Fridays in the summer 
- Great benefits

Cons: Very chaotic company. 
No business etiquette at all:
-No meeting is started or finished at planned time. 
-Not even all meetings are scheduled prior to the time of meeting it self.
-Nobody read emails at all - you have to use whatsapp (your personal one) or other messengers for business communication, so you can not escape them after working hours.
No work/life balance at all, just work/work balance, which is cool but to some extent only.
All decisions can be changed in a second after they were made up and nobody worries.
No processes and procedures (stable or working, or any at all). Especially in Marketing department.
No documentation about projects is created, When employee left - all information about his/her job is lost totally and you have to start from the sketch again.

Too many agencies and third parties involved in the routine procedures (especially in online marketing) - no inner expertize at all
Digital managers are overloaded extremely  as one person basically has to launch and make up and running whole e-shop by his/her own - which is not productive at all, as this person has no time to analyze what is it he or she is doing.
Advice: Create inner expertise inside of the teams, not in outsource agencies  - traffic management, SMM, CRM in every brand team specifically (1 person for every brand, not 1 person for 1 division).

Hire additional devoted people for digital, as current people have no time to eat or sleep or fulfill all responsibilities they have in a proper way.

Create processes. Document them and force teams to follow the processes.

Implement business etiquette trainings, as people do not know, why to insert agenda in the meeting in outlook, or how to create/use Webex.

And start from higher management, as they did not bother to follow their agendas during visits.
Pros: Competitive Salary, friendly atmosphere at the office, "Start up like" approach. You can take as much responsibilities as you can bear.

Cons: Although I never experienced it first hand, it seems that my marketing counterparts were often overworked or unhappy. Sales generally thrived in the fast paced L'Oreal environment.
Advice: None
Pros: L'Oreal was a great training place for new grads.
Having been part of the commercial management trainee program, I was able to learn much about the retail landscape managing my own territory as well as get AC Nielsen training &amp; insights from the KAM's. There was a lot of flexibility being on the road - a role that was less stressful than my marketing/finance counterparts. Benefits were great.

Cons: Too much internal politics &amp; way too many meetings. Your career progression in many cases depends more on your networking and your manager's endorsement than your actual achievements, input and commitment.
Advice: L'Oreal needs younger, more diverse leadership of people from different backgrounds and a stronger commitment to change the hierarchical L'oreal culture -' simplicity ' values, which are really inspiring and progressive have not yet been embraced by all senior stakeholders.
Pros: Smart and inspiring people to work with and learn from, exciting projects to be part of, big focus on innovation and entrepreneurship, flexible working

Cons: - Location a bit average for a multinational like L'Oreal
Advice: None
Pros: It's been a year already and here's what I can say already: 
- On-boarding process very clear and user-friendly, HR team will have everything ready prior joining
- Young culture, everyone is so friendly, made lots of friends
- Dynamic environment, processes are so prompt and simple
- Lots of outings and events, great work-life balance
- Lots of talents! High caliber of recruitment
- Perfect employer for Corporate Social Responsibility and Ethics enthusiasts
- Various sports' activities, especially for football and volleyball players (they traveled to Milano for a tournament between different L'Oreal's countries!!)

Cons: The company which is said to uphold  integrity, respect and ethics. I think it only happen to the higher management to do what they feel and they want. There’s no fairness in ethics, they just cover for the management in any case, no justices. Seriously, feel so sad for the company. Whoever that managed to stay or leave have the same sentiment. 
Never heard of such bad reviews from everyone, people in the company don’t even dare to voice out. They’re worried about the consequences the company or superior will act on.
Advice: Hope the TOP management seriously look into such management style. Nobody will work and stay Long in a company that do not have a equality, ethics and humanities company.
Pros: Big mnc company, dream place for people to work.

Cons: - Only the strong survive. It's either you're there for less than 2 years, or more than 5 years.
- Everyone is out for themselves.
- Very French mentality and culture
Advice: Ask your employees what they need to have a more enjoyable work environment, and actually do things to make it happen.
Pros: - They give you the opportunity to run a multi million dollar brand at a very young age.
- You are exposed to the day-to-day struggles of running your own business
- They put you in a position to be able to leave and have the fundamentals to start your own company.

Cons: Several operational work, which occupates a considerable part of your working time. Consequently, it rests a few time in order to invest your effort in activities that are ablw to generate a bigger impact.
Advice: Looking directly to the intern job, I believe that the sector's manager could look with more careful to the intern job, providing bigger chalenges so that they can also contribute to the development of this intern.
Pros: Considerable gain of technical knowledge  about  different kinds of packaging and, besides that, an globlal understanding  of the whole chain of a new  launch.

Cons: The politics. a lot of big egos (and a lot of denying there are big egos).  A lot of talk about career progression when actually and staying in a role for 2 years when actually this is only a rule for some when they need it.  It came across that meaningful progression really was only available to those who were part of the management scheme
Advice: None
Pros: The people there are fantastic, everyone is very passionate about what they're doing and really focused and driven on getting things done

Cons: Not as many as the pros, but it can feel a bit bureaucratic, a lot of documentation. The workload can be overwhelming sometimes and there is a lot of pressure from all the stakeholders. Unfortunately the salaries are not great either.
Advice: Try harder to retain the good people!
Pros: Working at L'Oreal will find you in a great environment, very diverse with numerous nationalities. There are opportunities to move in the company and generally a lot of trainings and tools to develop. It feels like you are heard as an employee and your opinion matters.

Cons: Whole system is in one big chaos, it doesn’t matter where you work. The base is just chaos. Also totally disrespect of people needs, with really low wages cokparing to the other companies. Not valuing people (menthors) whom, after a while, leave company and use Loreal as a jumping board toward next position
Advice: None
Pros: Good thing is the brands you are working on. Also, possibility to progress in career (depending on how good you can do politics with right people. Also, in every company there is politics, but here is just much more.

Cons: Some managers really shouldn't be managers. Unethical, leaking confidential, and often untrue information about employees to their peers. Hypocritical and also 
Managers also seem to be of the habit of making their team do most of the work, yet claiming the credit. They aren't transparent and I get the sense that they deliberately set the employees they don't like up to fail.
Advice: Hire better managers. Keep an eye on turnover within teams and ask yourself "is this something to do with the management?"
Pros: The regional team based in Singapore seems to have great culture and company direction. If only the same could be said for the local office! Company wide staff discount.

Cons: Disorganized company, high pressure - numbers are the only thing that matter, not a position for family oriented people , no work life balance,  many client issues , more to role than sales causing longer work days , little support and follow through from head office , salary is based on 40 hrs week - average work week is 55 -60 hours
Advice: None
Pros: Great products , fun relaxed team environment , nice people, average pay for position, company car ,

Cons: The team dynamics is toxic, not set up for success. The competition between teams, the fact that everyone is stretched and stressed, A lot of managers are promoted too quickly without being ready to lead people, which results in a bad team spirit.
Advice: Bring in a growth mindset to help individuals work better together and stop being protective and defensive.
Pros: L'Oréal has great brands to work with and will offer you difficult challenges to work on.

Cons: Very little room for women in top management
Your voice as an assistant manager isn't really heard
I had an insensitive, inconsiderate boss and the HR did nothing to help me and sided with the boss
My friends at RB, HUL and PnG made more money
Terrible work life balance, but that was partially because I had a bad boss also
Too many meetings
Advice: Don't always side with the upper management in a conflict.
Pros: The work culture in other teams appeared to be healthier
Nice colleagues

Cons: Apart from the discount everything is a con. I worked for YSL beauty owned by the Loreal brand for 2 years..they expect you to work stupid hours be fully flexible to the point the staff rota constantly changed without them even telling you, you get treated and spoke to like a child from upper management when they come to visit, constant turnover in staff, wasn’t given yearly pay rise on top of my appalling salary (No excuse as to why). MY ADVISE DO NOT WORK HERE UNLESS YOU WANT NO LIFE AND TO BE MADE TO FEEL UNAPPRECIATED
Advice: Start looking after staff!
Pros: Discount... that’s about it the rest is negative

Cons: Could have more one to one initial training when first starting with the brand to help individual needs of own learning
Advice: Shouldn’t have to book Saturdays as a holiday- should be able to have Saturdays as a day off from time to time.
Pros: Free allocation, staff discount, perks, training days with extra perks! A reputable and well established brand who look after their staff very well.

Cons: They need to improve the leadership, and consolidate more all its initiatives... sometimes it seems that working in islands, there is a lack of common objective and contribution between areas.
Advice: Better communication, bad news as well as good news has to be done in time, to respect and consider the impact of decisions in people.
Pros: Nice offices and people to work with. Its culture make you feel comfortable since the day one, you have autonomy and can contribute with ideas.

Cons: - non-compliance with ethical standards for stakeholders and employees
- an inefficient collaboration of departments (finance, supply chain, IT, marketing, logistics etc)
- low efficiency of teamwork
- shifting responsibilities
- high bureaucracy
- using of old IT-technologies

as a consequence:
- overtime working every day without compensation
- non-realistic workload
- decision making behind the scenes
Advice: To hold a round table for ordinary employees with Jean-Paul Agon by the method of random sampling during visits of the Zone
Pros: - career opportunities
- flex-time workday
- office location

Cons: Need bether systems, necessity to organize and simplify process, confuse hiring process, have dificulties on execute its meritocratical speach  and need bether leadership.
Advice: Loreal need to focus on collecting and using data, its necessary to update it systems and also hire strong analytic people. It is necessary to identify the superficial and non-performing professionals.
Pros: Apportunities to learn, good aditional bennefits, strong sustainability culture, very motivational environment to work, strong training investments.

Cons: Segregation between full-time/part-time employees
Segregation between unionized/non-unionized employees
They prioritize seniority over actual competencies and knowledge.
HR is completely opaque, not transparent at all with their promises or communications. 
Not many opportunities to grow. 
They expect free overtime. 
Completely unorganized, very few actual processes in place. 
Senior employees routinely bully newer employees, while HR and upper management looks the other way. 
Terrible culture. A lot of gossiping and rumour spreading.
Advice: Be more transparent and treat your employees like people. 
Put in place actual processes to ensure uniform work from all departments.
Pros: Worldwide company
Leading cosmetics company
Notorious
International
Nothing.
Not much else to say.

Cons: Toxic culture - highly political + not an inclusive environment
Long hours - must work around the clock, must be "passionate", "loreal-like", weekend work is naturally called for
Young managers who believe "during their time things were worse" 
High turnover
Advice: None
Pros: Great learning, great opportunities
Smart and some really helpful people
Best products
Career opportunities
Relatively fair compensation in the industry

Cons: They won’t give you all the things that do you need for a better job. Really ugly offices, as Brand Manager they don’t give you a Phone, and they said they are “ digital”.
Advice: Enable international moves in order to develop you’re people!
Pros: Innovative company, with incredible brands! It’s a really nice to learn how to build a brands in a long term.

Cons: Lack of processes and structure, responsibilities between the functions are not clear, more tasks are allocated for the given time, no compensation for overwork and it is expected from you
Advice: It would be nice to ensure better treatment and development for the employees as they are the best asset of the company
Pros: Learning by doing, improvement projects and processes
Good reputation, known company, hard-working colleagues 
International and dynamic environment

Cons: This company is not for everyone. If you can handle hard pressure from an organized chaos, then thumbs up!
Advice: None
Pros: The best thing to work at L'Oreal is that you have space to initiate, speak out and realize your idea. Also to work on out of scope projects which will enhance your knowledge and abilities to switch to others positions in the future.

Cons: Its a Blessing to avail an oppurtunity in here,get one , grab it don't think much else your loss and anothers gain
Advice: Glad to have had this oppurtunity and hope to have a fair and happy journey.
Pros: Very Nice Work Environment, Employeecentric Organization

Cons: 1. Competitive enviroment
2. High stress and overloaded work
3. Political 
4. French Culture - endless meaninglless debate and decision change at last minutes
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Teamwork with a group of very talented and passionate people
2. Allow employers freedom to perform and propose
3. Huge resources 
4. Importance on employee's training and learning
5. Encourage creative thinking

Cons: If you are looking for a slow-paced,  laid-back working environment, this may not be the right fit for you.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced and intense environment where even junior employees can advance far and quickly (versus traditional corporate/large companies) with hard work and talent. 
Compensation is generous and quite competitive versus what is typically offered in similar companies/positions.

Cons: People are overly competitive, not much teamwork, quite a bit of hostility because of this.
Advice: Try to not pit your brand teams against each other - they should be complementing each other (since they target different consumers) and helping each other out.
Pros: Great HR department,  good career and reasonable pay progress

Cons: A few leaders not so prepared and they were nominated for the position mainly for their friendship with their superior
Advice: Please, pay attention to your career plan for it to be fair and honest.
Pros: Wages paid on time, good perks, amazing conventions, excellent training programs, perfect tools and systems (CRM, etc) to keep up with your clients everything.

Cons: personally i feel the only problem working at this company, as good as it is was that salary was just not good  enough for workers
Advice: you should focus more on your workers and not just your custommers especially salaries
Pros: the company had lots of good members whioch gave it a good balance and friendly feeking about each other and more

Cons: Your quality of life at work depends a lot on your boss. Good progresses are made in this sense.
Not always the evolution possibilities you may expect.
Advice: None
Pros: Always at the top in terms of product quality and innovation.
A lot to do, so if you are willing you can learn a lot.
Very interesting advantages

Cons: Salary, politics to make decisions, not have process to the necessary actions so sometimes it become a real mess, not a lot of good people
Advice: Not too much work unnecesary
Pros: Benefits, good place, flexible, you have space if you have an idea, parties, good network, fast movement if you want to

Cons: Lack of long term vision
Organization too complexe with lack of clarity on roles and responsibilities
Too many merecenaries fighting it out fro their next promotion
A lot of talkers a lack of walkers
Speed to market too slow
Advice: Simplify your organization
Pros: Great facilities and products
Freedom  and possibility to work on many different projects
Competitive profit share scheme

Cons: managers are too young, they're brilliant professionals but not able to manage people (no leadership)
everything is a priority, business managed as an emergency room
Advice: None
Pros: great profiles to learn from when you're very junior
always easy to solve problems because everybody is collaborative
perfect consumer approach, great way to start your career in marketing

Cons: Very hectic lifestyle and stressful environment, especially when board directors are visiting.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast track growth, Great learning Environment, You can start small and grow big and move between divisions. Its diverse culture allows you to find what your passionate about and they will nurture and grow you. Fantastic marketing school.

Cons: Big company, bureaucracy, only 2 days work from home during the month, don't have special soft for project management and marketing
Advice: To higher salary to level market and to add bonuses
Pros: Good conditions for growth and development, open-minded colleagues and management, company uses the newest technologies in management and team development

Cons: Direction of the global team is not always clear, strategy changes all the time, TOP management level changes also too frequently
Advice: Focus on business but not only financials
Pros: people driven company，managed in a quite human way, work life relatively balanced, certain smart and great leaders, many activities during the year

Cons: -Weight of hierarchy
-Old fashion management style of the middle management
-Pressure (depends on the brand you are working for)
Advice: None
Pros: -Strong entrepreneurial spirit
-Means to projects (could really be amazing)
-Brilliant colleagues and top managers
-Career management (diversity and easy transition from a job to another)

Cons: The employees that have been there for at least a year are VERY cliquish which makes for a very quiet and lonely work environment.
Advice: Don't hire people for 2 months.
Pros: I learned a fair bit about cosmetic chemistry. Senior chemists do a great job at teaching. Employee discount!

Cons: more niche market makes a slower and not as ambitious as their competitors
Advice: None
Pros: HR actually listened to your assessment yearly review, and if you are clear enough stating your purpose in working there, it is more likely to you to get the chance

Cons: careful with politics
Sometimes there is no processes.
Advice: Listen more to their people and what they have to say. Back up them in political difficult situations.
Pros: Very dynamic and motivated people
Innovation and R&amp;D are at the very heart of business growth model.

Cons: Work life balance can be better.
Advice: -
Pros: Fun, Active &amp; a great learning experience.
Employees are given the oppurtunity to move across roles &amp; rotate, however partially people based.
Open culture and exciting work, a mix of big &amp; small projects both - gives hands on experience.

Cons: It can be sometimes chaotic and unstructured
Advice: None
Pros: they provide lot of independence and creative work space for employees. Lot of benefits in terms of products etc. Very flexible work environment and lot of young people work in the organisation. Very lovely colleagues

Cons: There are often long work hours
Advice: Less changes overall
Pros: Talented team,  great work culture and lots of free beauty products!

Cons: The lack of structure and process requires networking and relationships in order to be successful, which early on makes it difficult to deliver results.
Advice: None
Pros: A culture that requires strong soft skills (networking, collaboration, influencing) to be successful. Very fast paced environment with incredible amount of autonomy.

Cons: Chaos - no procedures and lack of clear responsibilities, guidelines. Expect unexpected frustrating  late night work for un-necessary reasons
Advice: None
Pros: Everyday is different, quick possibility of evolution, possibility to create your own role in the organization - entrepreneurial spirit

Cons: -too much politics
-too high target
Advice: -get a manager who doesn't gossip a lot about employees
-treat everyone fairly
-be transparent
-give what is due
Pros: -good employee benefit
-$450 product allowance every quarter
-14 days leave,compassionate leave,birthday leave
half day on fridays,hospitalisation leave

Cons: sometimes a bit chaotic, quite demanding
Advice: even more transparency
Pros: very big and divers brand portfolio, long term leader in beauty, very good CSR program , ethics concious, relaxed work enviroment, good room for individualism, always something new to learn and experiment

Cons: High work pressure to please the headquarters in Paris. No options to work from home. 70 hour + work week. No trust. No appreciation of the work.
Advice: Stop following procedures, respect more the clients and employees.
Pros: Salary, bonus, car, products, events

Cons: Very fast pace environment which things often change last minute and you have to adapt quickly. This may not be suited for everyone
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly atmosphere, lots of opportunity to take ownership of projects and grow.

Cons: - Very long hours
- Not enough people managing the brands
- Salary is standard
- No working from home
- Loads of pressure
Advice: I recommend you hire more people as you are currently overloading you employees
Pros: - Continuous learning
- Young Atmosphere
- Posibility to grow within the company

Cons: Overwork,work/life balance, recent changes in corporate culture, top managers taken from outside - not grown up inside a company as it was before
Advice: None
Pros: International, beauty company, expertise, training, team work, benefits

Cons: Workload at times can be very demanding. Learning opportunities can be limited depending on the function you work in.
Advice: Continue to invest in your talented people.
Pros: -Amazing career opportunities
-Strong leadership
-Ability to be entrepreneurial
-Ability to learn from very smart people

Cons: Broad SKU selection. Required big data analytical skills. Sometimes regional team act just as additional layer instead of being supportive and helpful.
Advice: Revore the regional supportive activities
Pros: Very open and supportive culture. Flat organizational relationship. Result oriented.

Cons: Working hours can get very long with intense workload.
Advice: Add resources or prioritise.
Pros: High exposure to varied projects &amp; campaigns leading to accelerated learning. You're constantly put out of your comfort zone.

Cons: Crazy workload 
Too many roadblocks and inefficiencies on the day-to-day
Constant feeling that you can never catch up
Too many burn outs and stress leaves
Advice: None
Pros: Great people
Passionate environment
Good salary and benefits
Great company for young people

Cons: - chaos and weak processes
- no clear guideance (personal responsibility is key)
- high complexity (many brands/SKU's/different categories)
-
Advice: continue reducing complexity
Pros: - great mindeset of people
- strong collaboration and teamwork
- great learning curve
- big responsibility on every hierachy level

Cons: Too many organisational layers and a lot of projects happen on time pressure.
Advice: The organisational structure should be simpler!
Pros: Great teams! Great brands to work with and lots of fun while doing it !

Cons: Political environment, no clarity on career path
Advice: NA
Pros: Great company policies to support women, flexible work hours, several brands and functions so great cross functional, cross brand exposure, strong dependence on people and networks

Cons: As I write in Pros, there are so much tasks even if you are entry level....... sosososo much tasks!
Advice: None
Pros: If you have a lot of interest in "marketing" you can handle  "so much" tasks even if you are entry level...

Cons: 1. A good line manager is a must for junior staff. So you need to have the luck to meet one.
2. Very target oriented. Means a  lot of pressure.
Advice: None
Pros: 1. globalized company
2. encourage confrontation
3. diverse career path

Cons: I left my Manager not the Company.

I will be back someday.
Advice: don't promote field force employee to the backend.
Pros: Good HR Policies, Good Scope for growth.

Cons: People that work here are very superficial and work environement wasn't really good.
Advice: They should invest more in IT
Pros: Relatively good pay, bonus in very good/expensive products. A lot to learn from the number 1 french multinational in cosmetics

Cons: Undervalues (specialist) roles which sit outside the brands
Still overly focused on the product rather than Customer
Advice: None
Pros: Trying hard to be employee focused.  Lots of opportunities if you come in at the right point

Cons: Long working hours and lower salaries than other Danish companies.
Advice: Look after work-life balance of your employees.
Pros: Great steep learning curve. Great Supply Chain and systems.  Amazing people and atmosphere.

Cons: The pay is a bit below market value
Advice: I would strongly recommend reducing the large gap in career development between the business and IT
Pros: Exposure to a wide-ranging set of technologies and experiences

Cons: - Job description and scope are not always defined
- Salaries and benefits could be better
Advice: None
Pros: - Personal &amp; professional development
- Strong and clear career path
- Very good and healthy work environment

Cons: - A lot of admin at many levels
- Still a lot of processes to be aligned to prevent repetition across divisions
Advice: None
Pros: - Fun environment
- Thrive on entrepreneurialism 
- Away Days abroad and football/volleyball tour

Cons: Bad management, crappy working environment. Bad salary. Horrible collegues and long hours, no men for balance and a lot of ”mean girls” in high heels. No structure or support.
Advice: Rewiew your managers who on all levels use management by fear. You would save a lot om cort and legal fines.
Pros: Amazing portfolio with products. You learn a lot about servival and what not to do.

Cons: Crazy layers of decision making; cheap when it comes to investing in their staff
Advice: None
Pros: Passionate, energetic people with brands you feel proud of.  Fast pace bringing with it lots of opportunities for growth

Cons: Constant pressure to make thing happen
Advice: None
Pros: Allows you innovate in your day to day job, you build your job the way you think it's best and gets you the results

Cons: Chaotic working environment and priorities that constantly change, ego driven at more senior levels of management.
Advice: None
Pros: Young, lots of opportunities to get involved, fast pace of work.

Cons: Low level of maturity on IT organization and company processes on all areas.
Advice: Improve and well document internal processes.
Pros: Recently adopted flex work to enable users to do home office.

Cons: Lack in IT. Too many Manual things to be done
Advice: Its working at its best
Pros: One of the best HR Policies and company to work with.

Cons: Empowerment imbalance and lack of local sensitivity due to too many expatriates.
Advice: Treasure what is unique within local expertise, and stop import expatriate.
Pros: Always brain cracking and dare to experience new ways of challenge approaching.

Cons: Nobody helpful what’s so ever, need to go through 5 people to get 1 answer. Terrible to work for turn over staff constantly.
Advice: Employ managers who have sales experience!
Pros: Free product is the only pro!!!

Cons: Workload is heavy and Training is light but this will also push you to learn
Advice: Set up more detailed training guides
Pros: A lot of Responsibility, Entrepreneurship, A lot of learning and Many opportunities

Cons: Long working hours. 
Last minute changes to catch up.
Advice: NIL
Pros: good staff benefit, flexible work hours, lots of freedom to grow in your field

Cons: Low salaries compared to the market
Lack of employees development
Poor IT systems
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to start and get some experience  before moving on to other companies

Cons: Big business also means slow operational change in time of need
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic team
Wide range of potential growth 
Young culture
Several projects conducted simultaneously

Cons: People oriented company, not much process. If people don't like you, that's pretty much the end for you.
Advice: None
Pros: If you do well you really climb up the organisation

Cons: Not much welcoming approach from organisation to new comers. So that you can try to be fit in
Advice: No.
Pros: Good professional experience in less time.  Very helpful & Supportive team.

Cons: Balance between pro and personal life can be hard to manage.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice teams of very motivated people, very Millennial-oriented, lots of corporate events and an amazing firm culture.

Cons: Internal processes are too rigid to change. Also work life balance is kind of a struggle.
Advice: Be more transparent.
Pros: Being part of global company is inspiring and challenging at the same time.

Cons: Crazy pace, too much internal work (managing up) rather than actually working on the projects / concentrating efforts on consumer
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of career path,  responsibility, very dynamic pace

Cons: Probably the stress and the " nuits blanches "
Advice: too early to say
Pros: i am still new but i already love the team work

Cons: All depends on yours n+1 as HR values and policy are blurred and low quality. Low ethical values among top management.
Advice: None
Pros: Dynamic and creative environment, people, challenges

Cons: There is no balance between working and personal lives, you work much more than you get paid for.
Advice: None
Pros: Beauty company, so it's exiting under the marketing point of view, etc

Cons: Difficult to move up unless you speak French
Advice: Nothing new that they don't already know
Pros: Most colleagues are generally nice and fun to work with

Cons: Lack of life-work balance, great pressure, lack of empowerment and opinion making, authoritarian management.
Advice: None
Pros: Strong culture, good salary, inspiring colleagues, the feeling of belonging, great sales and marketing school

Cons: bureaucracy, structure, lack of instructions, a lot of newbies, salary
Advice: to catch and hold real talents, not only politicians
Pros: investments, digitalisation, freedom, stability, ethics

Cons: Not great opportunities to be promoted
Advice: Be more inventive and have better boundaries with interns
Pros: Great exposure; freedom to share your ideas; opportunities to work alongside marketing teams

Cons: A lot of ego, lack of real job descripción,
Advice: Keep your focus and goals.
 stay aligned with París top management
Pros: Great Brands, innovation, excellent research

Cons: nothing relevant to bring up, but it might be a hard business if you are not interested in beauty
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, development focused and great benefits

Cons: Very stressful environment since all tasks are super urgent
Advice: None
Pros: The team is young, creative, proactive and very energetic. You learn something new every singles day.

Cons: despite the current effort to find a balance, the workload is still high.
Advice: Share more information and goals with all team.
Pros: Good growth oppotunities, flexwork, pro-diversity.

Cons: As too many people work around there, so political sometimes happened
Advice: None
Pros: Lots learning and development for employee
Good medical insurance and leave days which better than industry average

Cons: As a part-time job, the beginning salary wasn't very high
Advice: Raise the beginning salary at some point.
Pros: The staff benefit was really nice.

Cons: Long hours, unnecessary meetings. Strategies are often changed and directions are unclear
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, very international and promotions are quite common based on performance (not seniority)

Cons: Nothing so far since i joined
Advice: None
Pros: people can evolve if they are top performer - lots of training (e-learning or others) - Ethical Company

Cons: could become more transparent when it comes to salary
Advice: None
Pros: great possibilities and early responsibility. If you're mobile then easy to move abroad

Cons: long working hours and pay is not that high
Advice: None
Pros: decentralised decision making, you get to share your ideas with your team and they give constructive feedback

Cons: work/life balance, pressure, a lot of dominant characters, people can be quite blunt/harsh
Advice: None
Pros: Exciting, faced paced, innovative, high level of responsibility &amp; owernship even in junior roles

Cons: Needs to be dedicated and implicated as an employee
Advice: None
Pros: Good Carreer and Training opportunities
Challenging place where you can develop yourself
Leading sustainable company

Cons: Overall it is a good company to work for, but it has a lot of politics.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, Fun place, environmentally friendly compnay

Cons: Heavy hierarchy. I was not a permanent so hard to have a steady contract
Advice: None
Pros: Great advantage 
Plenty of mean in the R&amp;D department

Cons: When you start to approach the work in L'Oréal looking forward but check back !
Advice: Smart approach
Pros: Entrepreneurship, eclectic , smart company

Cons: network oriented, need to fight for your voice everyday instead of driven by process
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible and has lots of non-cash benefits,

Cons: chaotic business environment, expectation from position is not well defined, career plan is not clear
Advice: None
Pros: you can learn a lot.

Cons: You have to be good at networking to succeed!
Advice: None
Pros: The people are amazing, it's a pleasure working in such environment with inspiring people

Cons: Little training or support. High stress.
Advice: None
Pros: You learn heaps in a very fast paced environment. Exposure to many facets of the business and marketing.

Cons: interminable approval procedure， unbalance of sex rate
Advice: simplify the approval procedure and strengthen the communication efficiency.
Pros: corporation culture， great social network， scientific office methods，
