Cons: People at L'Oréal need to fit a certain mold :show-off, tell the boss he is great even if you think the opposite, laugh to jokes that are not funny and use the same expressions as everyone just like sheep, try to look just like every other employee in the company. If you do not fit that mold and if you express critical thinking towards that mold, beware : you will be pointed out as... weird.
You are told during your internship that if you have an excellent evaluation in the end, you will get hired. That is a big fat lie to squeeze the juice out of you at a low price (interns are paid much less than employees of course). The people who get hired at L'Oréal are not the best but the ones who perfectly fit the mold described in the 1st paragraph. And they say they are all about diversity...
Instead of hiring, L'Oréal relies on (cheap) interns. They are asked to take important responsabilities and commit fully to their job, but are not informed of major decisions (that they need to know to do their job correctly).
Advice: You won't get anything good out of your employees if they don't have the power to criticize.
Be honest with your interns from the start : they choose to come to L'Oréal because you promise to hire them if they deliver excellent work. If you can't keep that promise (and know you won't), I don't know what to say about your ethics.
Pros: Good salary, products for free
Leadership and responsabilites on projects
Overall, you learn a lot and companies will value you when you will look for a job if you have L'Oréal on your resume.

Cons: Not a place to work if you are looking to develop a career... 
Takes forever for a promotion (general speaking)
Many "Senior" level positions have been eliminated - leaves nothing to work towards
Management less than competent and very old school - afraid to think outside the box
Communication is sub par for a company this size and age
Raise is pretty much non existent and bonus is "profit sharing" and not based o performance
Top down corporate culture
Culture not conducive to someone that is forward thinking, risk taker, innovator (outside of R&D and product development) 
Education Assistance is dependent on what manager thinks of you - if they don't like you forget about getting assistance
Narrow minded - have been told by many people on many levels that marketing is hard to get into and they only take Ivy league or top 25 business school graduates
Diversity they rave about is not apparent - 
and the list goes on... if you want a career - don't work here...
Advice: Take a survey of your employees and find out who is truly happy and how effective management really is... Work on developing loyalty to employee - recognize and develop talent when you have it - implement continuous training and education for management -
Pros: Benefits are great - company store option, free goods, good bags on holidays and events, philanthropy and humanitarian work - some of the people are really nice- holiday schedule and summer hours that run from mid May to mid September 
Women in positions of management

Cons: Micro management
Need to speak French
Lack of innovation unless you work in Paris
No strategic value unless you are a senior manager in Paris
Some people have been promoted simply as they have been there a long time even if they lack any common sense and judgement
They never think you'll leave
Some senior managers will not even recognise junior people's exsistence
The CEO thinks this therefore you think this
Advice: Look for the young bright sparks and promote them accordingly not purely on time accrued  
Take on management consultants, they are expensive but they will make you more efficient
All countries do not operate the same, a product may work in one place and not in another, local staff need to be able to speak up
Senior management from Paris need to hit reality, dare to speak to some junior people and ask them honestly what they think not just the people trying to impress you to get your jobs.
Pros: Responsibility for a project
The girls
The name of your resume
Potential to progress quickly due to high turnover of staff

Cons: A lot of working hours +50/week. Everyone is from the same generation and no real experienced people around to look up for. No real over your career as they have a path for you and even if you may voice a certain interest in a certain position they will not grant it to you if they have another idea for you. THERE IS NO FAIRNESS IN HOW POSITION ARE GRANTED.
Advice: The arrogance of L'Oréal HR on how they take control of someone's career or think what is best for you needs to change if they want to keep good people with competencies. They have to be more transparent and more fair in the way they give promotions. They need to have a more representative mix of people, not only young, but more experienced people.
Pros: You gain a lot of experience in a very short period of time. Collegues are young, fun and have a great positive energy. There are a lot of opportunities always available within the comapnies.

Cons: Very difficult to move forward if you are not "connected" politically
Criteria for promotions not well defined.
If you're not in the management trainee program, you will have trouble moving ahead.
Advice: The company does not do a good job of describing the criteria necessary to move forward.  For example, after 3 consecutive "Exceeds Expectation" reviews, I was still left in the same position as when I started.  Persons I started work with in the management trainee (Tracker) program, who had the same career path and lesser performance reviews, have received promotions and I have not.  There are more people working for the company than those!
Pros: Ability to quickly gain a lot of experience in different areas.
Management does not micro-manage
Good work-life balance.
Very competitive benefit package.

Cons: The work life balance was shocking for me. I worked very long hours and so did my superiors, even though most were married and had family. But looking back, overall the work was enjoyable and I gleaned a lot of satisfaction from seeing results first hand. I also learned a lot and was given incomparable levels of responsibility. I definitely don't regret my time here.
Advice: The younger employees needed more role models - someone to model their career after.
Pros: I was on the management trainee track at this company and as a previous reviewer notes, I would highly recommend that anyone entering this company do so this way. Though the initial interview process was grueling, I felt that I was given clear benefits and opportunities for training.

Cons: I took a managerial position in sales for a short time, then decided to quit. In L'Oreal your career depends not on your professionalism, but on your relationship with management. Whether they like you or not. Criticism is not welcome, you have to say that all is fine, even if it is not so. Speaking French means a lot too. Top managers do not care to answer your mails, business processes are not structured.
I worked in Ukraine, maybe in the L'Oreal USA the situation is different.
Advice: Respect your employees. Aren't we worth it?
Pros: International company with a name. A lot of products are given free to the employees.

Cons: No worklife balance, 
L'Oreal recruits people from high education background in prestigious universities, the elite, but asks them to act like sheeps, 
interns do not get  hired even if they work crazy hours for months, 
very authoritarian environment, you cannot criticize management
Very competitive environment
Advice: treat nicely and fairly your employees, use more meritocracy, balance your life, show more respect to people in general (business partners, colleagues, customers...)
Pros: Good pay, good products for free, very young, good looking and "cool" employees, good to have that company name on your resume

Cons: Long working hour and hard to balance work and life
Poor supporting departments ( ex. IT ) 
People are very aggressive in certain divisions
Advice: Give more power to young managers
Be open to employees from non-French speaking countries. It's very obvious that employees who don't speak French has less chance to get promoted
Learn English. It's funny to see a French senior manager cannot give an English presentation.
Pros: Opportunities to work in different subsidiaries and headquarters
Well known brand names
Reasonable salary 
Nice to have on the resume

Cons: Too large and sometimes a little too corporate.  Some brands need to be refreshed but management is still used to how the brand is and not as open to change.
Advice: Be open to different ideas, even if may be not the usual expectations from the brand.  Could also work on improving the work/life balance of employees there and empasizing more collaboration within departments.
Pros: A great place to learn about marketing in the beauty industry and the name will open a lot of doors in the future.  Projects are fun and exciting.

Cons: Long hours, Traditional Office Politics
Advice: As the company has grown over the past decade, the "red tape" is without a doubt getting thicker and thicker. I would suggest taking a look at efficiencies of current processes and mechanisms and how productivity could be increased with reduced "red tape."
Pros: L'oreal gives you more responsibility than most companies do--usually experience that at most companies you would not get until at a director or VP level--If you can do well in your role you get promoted very quickly

Cons: -hands-off training style, very sink-or-swim attitude 
-poor communication all-around; you spend more time in meetings getting people on the same page than accomplishing actual work/making decisions
-company culture can be rather off-putting
Advice: -improve coordination/communication between various departments
-encourage more innovative/out-of-the-box styles of leadership/idea generation
Pros: -lots of opportunity for upward movement, as well as movement across different divisions and brands
-solid benefits package and perks (early release on Fridays in the summer, $75 free goods bi-monthly, etc)

Cons: -the French influence can create some tendencies towards too much bureaucracy and written policies and requirements, vs. assessing what is value-added to the business
Advice: -offer French language training to equalize career opportunities
-share more detailed financial information internally- P&L data, margins, etc., at an item level- it's difficult to make the right decisions without understanding the profit implications
Pros: -the work is demanding but both challenging and exciting.
-there are many opportunites for promotions or for moving to other functional areas

Cons: Long hours (10PM + at least 2 nights per week)
Tuition Reimbursement is not enough
Promotions seem to be based on popularity or "face"
Inflexible to work arrangements (no working from home)
Vacation starts at 2 weeks
No procedures or controls
Micro-manage everything; too detailed
Advice: Promote deserving candidates.  Also, promote more domestic employees.  Management needs to be more well-rounded.  Too many managers only know their one area.  The DMI structure does not work well for the US companies.
Pros: Great People
#1 Beauty Company
Innovative
Fun
Opportunities to create processes/change processes

Cons: Unstructured work processes, lacking personal management, very focused on pleasing top management in France who has a some what micro management approach to subsidiaries, interns are treated unfairly and the intense work pressure means interns are exploited = long working hours, low pay and where the monkey often ends when something goes bad...
Advice: Focus more on your employees and treat them as an asset instead of as a commodity...
Pros: A great place to get hands on experience with many areas

Cons: If you do not like a fast paced environment, then L'Oreal might not be for you. You also have to be able to handle working in a slightly unstructured environment. Many enjoy the unstructured side because it allows for creativity.
Advice: Management is doing a good job.
Pros: L'Oreal is a very dynamic place to work. There is never a dull moment and things are always moving forward. If you are ambitious and a great performer, the sky is the limit.

Cons: Although the leader in Beauty Care, extremely reactive. A lot of time is spent working on projects that are initially viewed as "important" that are cancelled after one visit from management in Europe.
Advice: Limit the number of projects that make it into the development phase that do not have full support of management.
Pros: Great benefits and wonderful people to work with each day.  Excellent opportunity to learn a lot and work in a dynamic industry.

Cons: Marketing rolls are more implementation rather than creative
Hard to shine in the organization
Huge number of reports
Poor geographic location
Really bad respect for work life balance
Poorly resourced and understaffed
Mammoth workload
No real job description
Advice: Take the time to genuinely recognize staff for their efforts
Increase number of staff
Make effort to respect work/life balance
Pros: Very young dymanic environment with an solid team
Access to free/cheap cosmetics
Fun launch parties and seminars
Great to liase with media

Cons: Lazy people need not apply!  If you need a job and aren't interested in investing your energy in a career, then go work somewhere else.
Advice: Don't hire people who aren't all in!!
Pros: Work here for a career, not a job!
Passionate and hardworking corporate culture!
Motivated career enthusiasts
Opportunities for go getters
Lots of managers with more than 10 yrs in the company

Cons: New management tries to change the company. I think that it damages to the firm's popularity. These actions should be rewieved
Advice: I advice to management about getting logical firing decisions. If the operational costs of company is too high it can't be solved by sending people
Pros: Fast moving consumer goods sector is so thrilling for work.  L'oreal is in this sector, so it is a good idea to work

Cons: It exists a huge Gap between Managers from L'oreal PT when compared with other FMCG in Portugal. They lack on management and HR skills, very  authoritarian environment with few chances of carreer progress for the below HR levels. No rotation between Internal structure and no outside recruitment for Midlle management.
Consequence: Old Managers using always the same formula of managemen and very demanding and authoritary. Or, very unexperient expatriat that are promoted to Directors levels, managing teams of PM with more experience then them, creating a very bad environment and lack of credibility doing business.
The average stay for new commers in MKTG is 2 years maximum, because of the bad pressure of the managers near levels below, to do things quick with lack of resources, bad salaries and exploiting at maximum, the new trainnes and recent product managers, with hours and hours of administrative/mecanic work, and no strategy or whatsoever.
No respect for the operational colaborators, neither Product managers. The mentality is that PM are priviledge to work there, even in extreme bad conditions of authoritarian environment. No room for autonomy and meritocracy. I dont recomend L'oreal Portugal to work on, at all.
Advice: For Managers: Get a life, besides work, and let other have it too! 
I dont believe the company will ever figure how to be a Great place to work. Learn with the competition, and learn to be open minded, hearing everyone in the company: from the lady that cleans toilets to the recent trainnee just arrived, because everyone deserves 1st respect and the benefict of doubth that it has some inteligence. Thats DIVERSITY, and that's what enriches the companies... diversity blend.
Pros: The proximity with Innovative products only.
Quick way of getting a good idea of how the market works, how the company thinks, and the dinamic of each segment on the cosmetic field.
Very glamorous world, only on the advertising. No such glamour on a daily basis, but very hard work, with no balance in the quality life.

Cons: l'oreal usa tends to work its middle management hard - work/life balance is hard to maintain due to the expectations of middle managers (especially production)
Advice: provide more live feedback regarding individual performance to management - a lot is encouraged for hourly folks; same expectation should be given to management.
Pros: l'oreal usa offers a great opportunity to advvance your career quickly.

Cons: Laborious hours, trying personalities often worked side by side- otherwise it was not too bad. Summer meant, going home earlier in the day-
Advice: Please be more attentive to the small 'fish'- sometimes we'd like to be heard. Perhaps have of a more 'open door' policy
Pros: Freebies!
Lots of attention given by human resources, direct boss-
Everyone was very helpful, understanding and give plenty of advice upon request--

Cons: very to little advancement opportunities and the bonuses have been crappy the last couple of years
Advice: stop laying off top talent!  You could do a better job of retaining good employees.
Pros: the products and the people - great company image.

Cons: long working hours, politics; french chaotic style
Advice: be open to suggestions
Pros: learning a lot; L'Oreal as Nr. 1 cosmetic company : you  wrok for the best

Cons: the worse for me is internal comuniccation
Advice: 
Pros: i think that is a place wiht a lot of opportunities at the beggining, after that is more complicated to grow

Cons: Very difficult at making project decisions.
Advice: Make decisions in a timely manner and stick with them.
Pros: Excellent benefits
Fast Paced Organization
Good work environment

Cons: Sometimes the politics is overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: Competant co workers, innovation and autonomous working evironment, appreciation for the quality of work, long but satifying working hours.
Good cultural and entertainment approach.

Cons: no procedures, average salary when compared to other companies, long working hours
Advice: give feedbakc more often
Pros: creative chaos, flexibility, no procedures, very interesting and open minded people, atmosphere.

Cons: No work life balance

Extremely manual work flow processes

Lack of proper structures and control
Advice: Streamline operations to achieve better efficiency
Pros: Prestigious Company

Exposure to media and high profile events

Cons: You're squeezed like a lemon.
Advice: Good luck.
Pros: A good calling card on your resume.  You get a discount on products.
