Cons: Too many HR layers yet everything is contracted to different companies
So many people recruiting, not done locally to meet mgt needs of the facility
Wellness benefits--hard to participate, too many caveats
Expectations to be in early/stay late 
Over 40 yrs old,  no room for advancement
Horrible IT systems because of our business processes 
Any challenge to an idea is regarded as 'actively disengaged' so employees must just smile and agree to the company line.
Advice: Come and see how complicated and exception laden process is.  See what it takes to create, receive and close a purchase order,  track information or just try to get a printer at closer to your desk! 

If you wonder why it takes so long to (fill in the blank to what you want), start looking at the details on why it takes so long.  Remember, 
*you lack standardized business processes
*if you do have standardized business process, pretty much every situation is an exception to the    process
*each division does things differently and everyone has good reasons why we can't
*we have to always meet with everyone 3x's and publish meeting notes before we can officially formulate a plan to expedite your request
*we have to have some more mandatory team training so we all can learn to get along

I don't know what has happened to L'Oreal in the last 4 or 5 years. This is not the same company I remember.
Pros: Company Store benefits
Medical benefits superior and relatively low cost
At local level, mgt does try to create a positive culture and show appreciation

Cons: Not much training. You're expected to come in swim or sink.
High turnover (internal and external) - Next thing you know people you deal with everyday is moving on to a new role or quit.
Bonus is meager, unless you're senior mgmt.
Advice: They have to value their employees more. I see too many good people get poached from competitors, which means that the company is not being compensated/recognized very well. It doesn't make sense to develop an employee for several years and then lose them to a competitor for nothing but a small promotion or $10-$15K raise (I mean, that's practically nothing to the company in monthly terms).
Pros: Global company (you can transfer to other locations/countries).
Good place to build a network, whether for relationships within the company or later on in the career.
Recognized name in the industry so it's good when you want to move on.

Cons: Competitive, long hours and week-ends, poor work/life balance, salary below market average and not in line with amount of work, too many meetings, gossipy environment, Toronto office not downtown.
Advice: Try to create an environment where you can have a better work-life balance. Making an environment where it is seen as bad to leave the office before 8 or not do any work on the week-end might be ok for people who it is their first job and want to move the corporate ladder quickly but it won't help you attract good talent from other company and it will keep you with a high turn-over rate where employees will leverage their under-paid job to a better playing employer offering better conditions.
Pros: Fun people to work with, fast track to get promotion and career advancement, opportunity to touch many different roles, well located

Cons: - Work work work... And very manual work...
 - Lotsa carrying, lifting, clearing because of messy storage areas!
 - Limited and pathetic storage of GWPs, Uniforms, Docs etc. Most of the time are spent in thinking how to dispose, hide or disperse them to outlets...
 - Competitive environment, more so when you're in the sales team.
 - Lotsa yellings from sales and it's considered normal. Managers shouting at staff on the phone happens everyday.
Advice: Think about why is there a higher turnover for certain brands, didn't it came across your mind that empty yelling are useless and people are more resistant to change when they're being yelled at. (for nothing and fr not understanding the reasons behind the yelling...)
Pros: - Lotsa opportunities whether you wanna move up or across the brands
 - Friendly and helpful colleagues
 - Tons of trainings and benefits available (if you're free enough to enjoy them, it's there!)

Cons: very low compensation level and other benefits comparing to the market, no opportunities to grow for the locals (the talented ones are squeezed out but the expacts whose knowledge and willingness to share experience and learn new is almost next to nothing) , very high expat level (ca.15%) while the other market rivals have 3-5 expats only. office space is [dis]organized in not ergonomic way and on top of all above - infamous French arrogance
Advice: invest more in your employees, the brands value is nothing in the country where they're not so known to the consumers but employees who are satisfied with their professional aspirations and adequate compensation can make miracles. and higher the most brilliant ones (not the cheapest ones as now!)
Pros: the BEST place to start for the recent graduates (or even last year students) but those experienced ones - look somewhere else

Cons: owever, it is still important to know what the current salary range is for the profession. Find salary surveys at the library or on the Internet, and check the classifieds to see what comparable jobs in your area are paying. This information can help you negotiate compensation once the employer makes an offer.
Advice: Use this as a chance to summarize your good characteristics and attributes and how they may be used to benefit the organization
Pros: What salary are you expecting? You probably don't want to answer this one directly. Instead, deflect the question back to the interviewer by saying something like: "I don't know. What are you planning on paying the best candidate?" Let the employer make the first offer.

Cons: Work life balance does not exist
Senior Management has their own agenda for you, it doesn't matter what YOU want
The pay is TERRIBLE
Very competitive. stressful environment... backstabbing people
Advice: Stop treating your talented, high potential people badly or they won't leave to go work someplace else. Maybe you should consider what is best for them sometimes and NOT about your own agenda all the time. These are people and they want to be happy at their jobs.
Pros: Great Experience in that I learned a great deal while I was there. Great preparation for going to another company, because if you can make it a few years at L'Oreal, you can make it ANYWHERE! Everything else is a breeze after you spend a few years there
Benefite were good and good perks (product, etc..)

Cons: Work life balance can lead to some problems in the long run - but I've found this at other companies as well.  They demand excellence but if you cant run fast enough, you're in trouble.
Advice: Seems as if HR plays a large role in the way that people are promoted.  If you don't know how to play the game, then you can be left behind.  Might be something to watch.
Pros: L'Oreal Canada is among the best I've seen or worked at.  Complete autonomy on the job, great training, practical experience, and one hell of a team to work with.  Compensation is great and they give you all the room in the world to run.  Phenomenal company.

Cons: lack of work-life balance.
lack of mentorship unless one is french.
lack of training.
poor systems & processes.
lack of professional development.
lack of management concern for employees.
lack of enough people to do the work.
employees are not empowered.
majority of "people managers" are micromanagers.
constant revolving door of employees.
high level of employee dissatisfaction.
raises are less than cost of living.
employee bonuses are not given at 100% "target" level even if the company makes target levels of sales and profit.
high level of secrecy and poor communication.
too many meetings, no meeting minutes/agendas.
top management level needs to approve of any external hires (even if it is to fill an existing position where someone resigned) - this is Roze or below him that has to approve.
Advice: hire enough employees to do the expected work.
give managers training on how to be human and treat people like humans rather than robots.
less secrecy.
encourage open communications.
Pros: product discount
good name on resume

Cons: All brands have become homogenized into "L'Oreal" no point of difference.  Workers are expected to produce more with less.  The culture is no longer one of elevating talent, but one of pointing fingers.
Advice: Being number one doesn't mean you can continue as you always have.  You have to get out of NY and know what the competition is doing.  The old business model needs refreshing.
Pros: Good benefits, name brands easily recognized.  Built invaluable connections with co-workers in the beauty industry.  Great family of products.

Cons: Internal political games and power fights, old habits, agility to change, inexistent project management, poor management competencies, listenning and transparency,  The hierarchy opinion only prevails.
Advice: Be more brave and don't be fooled! More transparency, 360° and honest feedbacks to keep the talented one. Take really into account the feedbacks and inputs from the teams. Put in place a real participative way of managing people.
Pros: Autonomy, freedom to design our job and develop innovative projects, stimulating exposure, real and strong company culture, wonderfull products to work on, many opportunities to grow.

Cons: -A lot of communication is in french. It is sometimes difficult to communicate effectively with people in your or other divisions because they don't speak english very well.
-Things are very corporate and therefore sometimes inflexible and slow.
Advice: Keep it up, a great company to work for!
Pros: -Prestige
-Respect
-Opportunity
-Challenge 
-Compensation
-Management and coworkers
It is a well managed, well run company that understands both it's customers and employees. Respects the past and looks ahead. An interesting group of people to connect with from different brands and divisions. So much potential. Doesn't accept second rate or not delivering results.

Cons: - poor balance between professional and personal life
- below-average salaries
- high turnover of staff
- no compensation for extra hours
- lack of respect toward young professionals by the company (indicating there's always a line of candidates willing to do your job at the threshold of the company)
Advice: - More timely communication to employees to improve efficiency.
Pros: - real responsibility from day 1
- interesting field of work, diverse social events with colleagues and customers
- very educational for recent graduates
- appreciated by future employers
- profit sharing system

Cons: They lack work/ life balance. Poor management in some departments with lack of insight into business knowledge, lack of direction and accountability.  Fast turnaround in some departments and Sr Mgmt lacks ability to retain talented employees.
Advice: Sr Management needs to recognize employee efforts and utilize resources more efficiently.  Create better processes so that projects are not suddenly dropped on employee last minute.  Improve work/life balance.
Pros: learning large corporate culture
employee discounts and free goods on product
employees are friendly and enjoyable to work with
brand new office building
fast pace organization

Cons: - no respect for employees
- not transparant at all
- political influenced
- atmosphere is not positive at all.. as if people were masks all the time
- no structure and ineffective work methods
- degrees seem to be mor important then talent or drive
Advice: Degrees are not the main issue to hire / promote people. It is in fact one of the few companies were I saw super motivated people when they entered the company but disgust after a year
Pros: - cool products
- excellence in visual communication
- goodlooking people

Cons: I sometimes feel that they lack manpower as they have limited working space and thus, only able to accommodate the few. Yet, it's still a great place to work and learn from experienced people.
Advice: Don't exactly have any advise as I find the leadership and working condition pretty good. Except maybe, increase in manpower.
Pros: You will be able to meet people from diverse cultures and background. For girls, this may just be the dream land as it has everything to do with being beautiful and presentable.

Cons: If you don't play the game (office politics) you'll be languishing at the bottom for a very long time.
Advice: Go beyond lip service. It can be incredibly frustrating for employees to hear one thing but see something else in action. Also it would be instrumental for the company's success to get organised.
Pros: Great Boot Camp for Marketing. Other functions like PR, Finance, Operations look elsewhere. These departments are low on the pecking order. It's all about Sales and Marketing here.

Cons: - Training and development are promised but not encouraged
- Underpaid job, fast promotion but salary increase is laughable (e.g. a few hundreds HK dollars for promotion)
- Long working hours, require you to work in weekends with no OT paid or compensation leave 
- Top management is not respectful
- No strategy to retain talents, very high turnover rate
Advice: Put people first. If you want to hire/retain someone with passion, you should first be passionate about development them. I saw a lot of talent left the company because of the poor management.
Pros: - You can get free goods, but most of them are slow moving products

Cons: The structure and the system of the company is a little bit messy. The regulations are not so clear and performed.
Advice: Please pay more attention to the management trainee program, appreciating the different employee's capability and taking advantage of them. Higher the importance of the rules.
Pros: L'Oreal is a diversified company, creativity  and actively learning are really appreciated here.  Doing work about the cosmetics for the beauty will be really fantastic.

Cons: - No accountability for upper management's treatment of staff/underlings
- So much bureaucracy at head office bogs down store-level decision making
- You are encouraged to be creative and innovative, yet when you challenge the system you are disciplined or given a warning.
Advice: 
Pros: - Benefits including pay package
- Looks good on a resume
- A good way to learn about the inner workings of a massive corporation if you are not from that background

Cons: Paris dictates, and the world follows.
Management can lack people skills.
Poor work/life balance.
Lack of positive feedback from managers.
Hope you speak french...
Advice: To make this a truly multinational enterprise, find leaders that come from places other than France.
Encourage collaboration and teamwork.
Give praise when it is deserved.
Pros: Lots of opportunities.
Fantastic brands and products in a variety of markets.
Constantly increasing responsibilities.
Multinational environment.

Cons: There is a lot of experience to be had, but work/ life balance is a challenge to achieve and maintain, regardless of field.
Advice: 
Pros: It's a great, dynamic company to start a career, because you can get substantial experience in different fields very quickly, as the company promotes & moves individuals based on potential.  The company workforce is diverse, international, and very passionate.

Cons: Working times are absurd even for an intern. You have to hardly look to get some useful information. People are not ready to help you.
Advice: The management should take some time to work more closely with their employees to better understand their needs and decisions.
Pros: The buildings and offices are nice and comfortable. You can create a good network. You can improve your skills in a very stressful context

Cons: Top down and politics prevail at all time
Excessive time investment asked without compensation
Low salaries and compensations compared to market
No clear strategic long term vision
Carreer development and talent retention policies unexistent
Advice: Marketing and sales are core business, but other functions are life-support. Stop under investing in people
Pros: International recognized company
Top quality products and brands portfolio
Diverse and multicultural professional environment
Permanent professional challenge

Cons: Long working hours
No private life- you have no time for that
You will never manage to do all your tasks
Advice: To take into account that executive and operational works take much more time than geting ideas and developing the strategy. And this is not the case of time management!
Pros: Best beauty brand in the world
Great colleagues
Beautiful and qualitative products

Cons: No work life balance.Too much political meetings. Work hours too long. Promotion chances are very limited, especially to no-French.
Advice: Management should take some time to look down to their people, and they should be more flexible about the working strategy.
Pros: it is very rewarding to work here, with on-site training program available. It;s worthwhile if you can put yourself in.

Cons: - Low compensation; not competitive at all
- Long work hours
- Managers not willing to let you transfer to different departments
- Low employee morale
Advice: Need to focus more on the employees, before they realize what their missing
Pros: - Product discounts
- Good exposure to top management

Cons: A bit un organized. You need a few years of seniority to get managements attention.
Advice: Do not try to implement the french culture all over the world. Try to adopt to local culture instead.
Pros: Very dynamic and fun company to work for. Lots of young people and plenty of space to grow if you play your cards right.

Cons: Hierarchical
Lack of customer research and too product focused
Advice: Listen to consumers and develop products to meet their needs (even before they know it is a need) and understand the behaviors of the next generation now.
Pros: Professional development and training
International movement

Cons: The pay is not competitive at all.
Advice: I think there needs to be better salary increases and advancements.
Pros: I've learned some new aspects of my job - However, I'm ready for advancement after 2 years of doing it.

Cons: challenging, little structured feedback or recommendations / mentoring, need to be self-decoder to succeed
Advice: More walk the talk is necessary
Pros: Involving, passionate environment, great brands, motivated people, ambitious, real opportunities, you can make things happen & make a difference

Cons: - Individualistic environment
- Competition among employees
- Strong hierarchy
Advice: Be more human and manage people in a more relaxed manner
Pros: - Reputation : known and recognized worldwide for its expertise
- In-depth knowledge of marketing strategy
- Opportunities to evolve within the company and abroad
- Sense of detail, perfectionism

Cons: Arrogance blame culture where politics rules.  Senior managementy all male with inappropriate attitudes to women.  Work you to death for little pay
Advice: Respect your staff.
Pros: Great place to learn media, NPD execution & never say die attitude

Cons: brutal, limited room to grow, french favored culture, constant critism
Advice: 'human sensitity' should be the key in upper manament style and career management of individuals. blame less, motivate more.
Pros: gives responsibility, opportunity for linear moves among different brands, unique sense of expertism

Cons: entire sales force was laid off for reasons not related to performance, but for upper management to look good on paper
Advice: 
Pros: employees were treated fairly, with flexibility in work schedules. raises wwre fair based on merit. promotions were based on who you know

Cons: No work life balance
No clear career paths
No respect for people
Advice: HR dpt can be a real issue in communication and motivation of people
Pros: Big famous name
Good products
Good place to start when you're young, full of energy & motivation

Cons: This job has been outsourced to companies who only staff part- time
Advice: Outsourcing will not produce the excellent results previously delivered by a loyal, happy workforce
Pros: Great benefit package and bonuses

Cons: management changes every 6-12 months.
to many temporary workers .
Advice: hire someone with knowledge , 5 years experience or more, not some KIDS fresh out of collage, they are so gullable and have no people skills.
Pros: good benifits,very safe place to work

Cons: It's a really big company, thus there is a competitive atmosphere.
Advice: 
Pros: It's one of the most sustainable companies of the entire world, has an amazing range of (luxury) products, which do attract different target groups.

Cons: cut-throat corporate culture
long hours 
minimal pay
revolving door company - people are constantly being hired and fired from the company
Advice: Eliminate limited human resources by hiring enough people to take on responsibilities.
Initiate plan for family and friendly programs to boost morale
Pros: employee-friendly programs - volunteer workshops, benefits
job mobility  - work domestically and internationally and cross-pollination of different brands
recognition of personal growth

Cons: - UK is king - Ireland just a line on the P&L
- arrogant mansgemenr
Advice: Loosen up.
Pros: - good on cv
- great brands
- classical process driven compant

Cons: work/life balance a constant struggle.
Advice: 
Pros: Strong benefits, opportunity for advancement, management support.

Cons: Depending on who you are it is hard to get promoted. There are favorites
Advice: 
Pros: Great Company. It looks amazing on the resume.

Cons: no split shifts ex. only 7am to 3pm and 3pm to11pm nothing in between
Advice: Supervisor should be more welcoming to new employees.
Pros: great atmosphere and salary is great.

Cons: Political, unclear HR policies, difficult to approach HR
Advice: 
Pros: Exposure, CV, good place to start if you want to work in fashion and beauty

Cons: long hours and lot's of sitting at a desk
Advice: hire more interns
Pros: Lot's of independent and challenging work
