Cons: The CIO had no CIO experience.  The value or lack of value that he places on supporting teams with IT is felt.  He determines his monthly direction on what Gartner publishes.  Therefore there is little direction.  The budget you are allocated is a joke, yet they expect you to make a difference.  You have to explain every single penny and there is little money for new ideas...unless you are of course in the area of IT which he feels is valuable.  He believes he is into team building when the truth is he has little time for anyone.  Department communication is non existent and you have no idea what other parts of IT are working on.  If you are looking for an opportunity to learn and grow...this is not the place to do it.  IT is not highly regarded and up until June of 2011 IT was not part of senior management strategic committee.   If someone in your department leaves the CIO takes the headcount and moves it to the part of IT he feels is more valuable.
Advice: get rid of some of the senior people that are bringing the company down.  360 on Senior Management in HR and IT
Pros: industry
exciting products
Senior Management of some brands are very intelligent
If you are from Europe there is a lot of room for movement and for growth....if you are from the US,,,,,basically forget about it.
Frederic Roze is an efficiency expert, just concerned about cutting costs.

Cons: Key aspects of projects can change on the last minute (but in a way is a Pro as well). There are no / very less systems/ policies/ procedures. Proud to claim 'have resisted systems for the last 100 years, and will continue to resist for another 100'. (again a Pro for some). The company is very very European (infact French), hence not very frank an open. Everything is a closely guarded secret with formalities (almost royal treatment) reserved for higher management. Company culture is a bit laid back, with tolerance for poor performance (in other words less accountability). renumerations/ benefits are more bargain based rather than being systematic or performance based.
Advice: Keep more detailed focus on country managements. More accountability will result in fixing things properly and permanenetly. as a company, we never learn from mistakes in other countries
Pros: Higher independncy in taking decisions. Faster decisions making (due to lesser dependence on systems/procedures/policies). Higher tolerance for mistakes (hence allows to try and be more creative/ bold). Higher speed of initiatives hence the flexibility.

Cons: - Horrible work-life balance.  Be prepared to make work your priority in life.
- No leadership, only incompetent directors and managers.  No vision, no original thoughts, no mentoring.  Upper management only acts as the metrics police with no strategy or ability to improve their functional area or the overall business.
- Disfunctional environment with unrealistic expectations.  Get more done with less.  Demand improvement without change.  Collaboration amongst departments is below standard.
- No autonomy or respect for experience and creativity.  Better do it the L'Oreal way.
- Micromanaged by the executives who visit too often just to overstate the obvious and continuously change the focus and direction of the plant initiatives.
- Unhealthy conflict is encouraged and viewed as a strength in those who thrive in arguments.
- Pretend to invest in new systems and ideologies.  In reality, the business continues to be mismanaged the same way for years.  It's all wasted money on poorly executed initiatives and programs led by consultants.
Advice: Thank goodness for a strong brand name that can absorb the inadequacies of a deficient management group.
Pros: - Good medical and benefits
- Company store

Cons: Management has lost it way 
AVP's and above can't be bothered with people below
No mentoring or succession plans
Not enough people to do the job( do more with less has hit its limit )
Do as I say , not as I do
Very very weak raises
Management is hypocritical in what they preach
You're never good enough
Too many young and inexperienced people
Blaming
Good money and perks don't come until you are an AVP, good luck getting there
Many non inspirational and weak "leaders"
Advice: Stop trying to save a couple of bucks by not hiring enough people to do the work.  We are exhausted!  Hire the people and see how easily and quickly we get the next billion customers.
Pros: The challenge of success pushes you to the edge and really make you think beyond your limits.
International opportunities 
Worldwide networking
Lots of brands
Structure and procedures
Smart people
I have an office ;-)

Cons: Could be very cut-throat and challenging in certain departments.  Very high expectations, especially in marketing, product development and production management, resulting in high turnover in those areas.
Advice: Redistribute the work load from the departments with a high turnover, as some departments are significantly more difficult to work in, more hours, etc, while in other departments in the same building it could be pretty relaxed.  I know, because I worked on both sides.
Pros: Great benefits, including unheard of 13 paid holidays!
Many promotions from within, especially to manager and director levels.  Also, lots of opportunities to move around in the company to various roles and departments. 
Product discounts - about 50% off for everything made by the company, plus monthly free goods allotment

Cons: Total lack of respect from management: from day one I was told I could never expect to grow up in my career, that I would be stuck in the Assistant role no matter what my performance is. No surprise since in Portugal it is more of "who you know" that matters rather than you being a good professional. I was treated like a maid many times and had to use the word "doctor" before their names like they're some kind of special people. Once I gave a suggestion and the marketing director responded for me to go to away and not give suggestions. No training or support is given, they expect for you to know everything just because. I was happy to get away from this place and I don't recommend the Marketing department at Lóreal in Portugal to no one, unless of course you're one of "who you know" team.
Advice: Learn how to manage people.
Pros: The possibility to bring products for free and the name on the CV.

Cons: The only downside at working for L'Oréal is the missing balance between work and life. Personally I missed a company gym, or a company caféteria (there is a very small one). Mireover I would appreciate more facilitating internal organizsations for young mothers.
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice community. Despite the clustering into different brands, the communication across the different brands is great. People are quite young on average, which increases the likelihood of similar interests. L'Oréal is said to be a tough school - and it is. Aside from passion, it requires a high level of self-motivation. Employees that switch to different employers after some years, are grateful for the experiences they have made during their time at L'Oréal.

Cons: very strong company culture of seniority and loyalty. Sometimes performance is overlooked in favour of seniority for promotions. Sometimes you may encounter an incompetent boss. It wont last for more than a year for sure but 6 months is minimum. those 6 months might be extremely frustrating.
Advice: none. the management has done a wonderful job in this rapidly expanding enterprise.
Pros: faster growth than many of my peers. salary raised by more than 50% in 1.5 years. A wonderful learning experience with great interaction with seniors and experts in the field. Atmosphere is amazing for a young person to cultivate dynamism and energy.

Cons: Absolutely no work life balance. You can never work too hard
Lack of leadership
Turnover is like no other place
Too many meetings. Nothing can move forward without a series of meeting
Decision making is a huge issue
Lack of creativity and innovation
Upper Management is fully disconnected from employees, even at high levels
Many employees are unprepared for the positions they hold
One year non-competition agreement is unrealistic
Very few employees over the age of 45 
Recruitment is problematic; it takes months to replace vacant positions
Advice: This is where the problem is. Management is leading by force with little to no understanding of what is truly happening within the company. Moral is at the lowest in years and employees are resigning left and right. Recruiting new employees is difficult; a lot of people refuse to join due to the company's reputation and the new non-competition agreement.
Pros: Excellent benefits
Good portfolio of mass brands
Offices are pleasant, well located

Cons: Very cut throat, competitive environment. It wasn't as big of a deal in my position, but for account managers sales meetings are a nightmare. You can expect to get called out and quizzed on your numbers. Very poor work/life balance

Few opportunities outside of NY/NJ

Attitude by management. Former President of our division was a total diva. Top management of L'Oreal USA is also always brought in from France.
Advice: Lose the attitude, create a more team oriented environment.
Pros: Amazing benefits - company car, 3 weeks vacation, free and discounted product, worked from home (for field teams), summer hours (for corporate office)

Lots of learning and training opportunities. Generally nice and supportive people.

Cons: -Sad to see new talented wasted

-Never seen a company with such a high turnover EVER

-No one is really good at what they are doing because they are only in a position for a year or two (by choice, or not by choice)

-Better "play the game right" or be played --Seen too many employees leave because they just couldn't take it
Advice: Realize that new talent hired has more potential than the position given to them...

It is up to management to test their limits & set them up for failure or success.
Pros: -Energy
-Fresh Ideas (because of high turnover)
-Lots of position movement
-Lots of innovation
-Compensation
-Benefits
-Some AMAZING co-workers

Cons: No chance to earn money. The salary is twice low, than the competitors propose.  Talent development  is absolutely undeveloped: any training, any real support from HR .
Advice: It' s time to become more people oriented. During last 2-3 years company lost a lot of talented professionals. Thanks God L'Oreal brand is strong enough to sell him self. But today real iconic Brand has to shine in all facets, to be unconditionally perfect.
Pros: Exclusive opportunity for the students to start carrier. It's good to get "L" in the first line of the CV. Great payed marketing internship and possibility to understand how is modern international FMCG business works.

Cons: sometime you need to butter your senior to get recognize, not an equal opportunity employer, in some cases HR dept is very poor in taking decisions . HR hardly do  anything to develop people .
Advice: when you have loyal people working with you for a long time you should give proper dues ,recognition and attention  to them and should understand  their sentiments....
If I got one more chance i would definatly join Loreal Again as Loreal is my First Love
Pros: Nice working environment to work with ,great leaders ,great brands image and where your ideas work,strong marketing team ,

Cons: Chaotic, no structure, lack of organization, very ineffective, spending hours and days on searching for the smallest information, no processes, not very creative, hierarchical, no recognition or reward for your work, misleading promises for growth opportunities, bad pay, cannot open windows in office, AC system repeatately makes everyone sick, lots of drama
Advice: Appreciation and recognition for the work, stop the misleading career promises!, find a solution for intern housing in Geneva, stop cultivating the chaos in the organization!
Pros: Great name, free products, nice office, some nice collegues, participation to some events, not too stiff, open-minded people, multinational employees

Cons: Many ad hoc tasks/deadlines, overtime everyday, relatively lower salary than other companies especially when you count all the overtimes (no overtime compensation for most of staff). High turnover of staff, hence lot of new staff which does not improve efficiency.
Advice: Organize better timeline for deadlines, invest in automation and staff, dare to say no to headquarter to improve worklife balance
Pros: Young, fun and international culture, good benefits. If you are mobile, willing to work hard, speak both French and Chinese, your carreer opportunities are very good!

Cons: Be prepared to work 12-15 hour days. Know that you will be penalized for starting or having a family as you will not advance. If you don't "play the L'Oreal game" you will be forced out and professional integrity will be slandered throughout all levels of the company. You can never trust HR, they will always side with upper management (your voice will never be heard & you will be penalized for voicing your concerns). Turn over is very high and if your not in Marketing, there is no career path or support for advancement.
Advice: 
Pros: Looks good on a resume as most companies will know how much loyalty, determination and personal/professional strength it takes to stay with a company such as L'Oreal. Benefits are great but at what sacrifice?

Cons: -  Low salary and bonuses compared to other companies in the industry.
-  Work/life balance is almost non-existent.
-  Unless you have a degree, there is pretty much no way to advance (even if you're one of the very best employees).  Basically no career path.
-  Tiny or non-existent raises.
-  Attitude is that we should be grateful to have a job (to explain a $0 raise), grateful to work for the #1 brand and that there are tons of candidates chomping at the bit for our jobs.
Advice: Pay attention to the great talent that you already have and work on developing them for higher positions.  Offer some type of career path so that you can retain the employees who have worked so hard to develop the brand that they take so much pride in.

Offer attractive pay that exceeds what our competitors are paying (if we're #1, don't we have enough money to pay well?????).   As someone currently looking at other companies, I know that competitors are paying up to $25k more annually for similar positions.  I also know that one of the other L'Oreal PPD brands pays that much more for a lateral job.  That is a bit demoralizing.  Also, offer a bonus structure that is directly related to performance so we can feel appreciated for a job well done.

Overall, I LOVE what I do and feel a great affinity for the company.  It would be perfect if it wasn't for the poor compensation.
Pros: -  Great opportunities for personal and professional development (best thing I ever did).
-  Prestige of working for the #1 pro product company in the industry.
-  Looks great on a resume.
-  Wonderful and talented employees that provide a richness of creativity and ideas.
-  Great emotional attachment to the brand.

Cons: - swim or sink attitute - you have to find your way and do it quickly
- your career really depends on who you know - strong networking skills are a must
- "We are looking after our staff" is not their motto
Advice: Please value your people more
Pros: - people are L'Oreal's everything: talented, charismatic, bubbly and creative
- it is fun to work and fun to party
- enterpreneurial spirit is very strong
- fantastic products to work with
- realtively easy to explore international career opportunities

Cons: Be prepared for long (uncompensated) working days, ad ho deadlines, shfting priorities, conflicting instructions from managers and an elbow culture. There´s not much teamspirit, everyone is just focused on their own job and career.
Advice: Care more about the employees. Give them propoer training and hire more staff so employees do not continuously work overhours to tackel the workload.
Pros: If you want a creative and challenging job with lots of responsibilty and fast advancement opportunities, this is the place to work for you.

Cons: Unfortunately, L'Oreal has had multiple lay offs.  The first people that are let go are those who have significant years with the company.   Although there are always many open positions on the L'Oreal website, displaced employees are rarely selected.
Advice: 
Pros: The salary is average to above average.  The products produced by L'Oreal are high quality therefore it is easy to endorse and promote the lines.  If you are young and physically attractive you will do well at L'Oreal.

Cons: High rate of turnover.  Lack of standard operating procedures make it difficult for new hires to assimilate quickly.  Work life balance can be difficult in this department especially during the first week of the month, expect to work 16+ hours a day.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, competitive salary, opportunities to advance within the company and work around the world exist.  A well know company to put on your resume.  Very diverse workforce, the people are generally friendly and good to work with.

Cons: Management top heavy
Want change to happen too quickly don't see the full picture
Work/Life balance
Heavy workload and not enough people/time.
Advice: Need to focus on the talent that is around you and work to make better instead of removing them to replace with new interns.  Also should have more management who are experts in the area and can help people grow and continue to learn.
Pros: Great Benefits including summer hours.
Awesome people who are willing to learn and excel
Large arrange of products

Cons: You work very long hours
Decision making process is very wage and informal
There is not many things written 
Informal information channels are more powerful than formal ones
Advice: More clarity and structure in the head office, all the change process should be centralized and top down
Pros: You can grow very fast  if you are good in managing multitask space and complex prsonal working situations.
It's a grat school for learning how to navigate in very status-based and complex corporate culture

Cons: Upper management has too many divas.
Favors in promoting the under 40 age group over others that are qualified but older.
Departments don't talk to each other very well.
Advice: Upper management are unapproachable and subordinates are sometimes frowned upon for no
reason.
Pros: -Lower management knows about life/work balance.
-Good quarterly bonuses.
-Free goods twice a year.
-If you are a recent graduate from college you are golden.

Cons: highly political.  ridiculously high turnover rate.  continuing trend to fire and rehire as a consultant
Advice: eliminating head count to look better on paper will inevitably deteriorate the company.  we need real jobs where people will be happy to have a group effort internaly
Pros: Best benefits in the industry.  Great opportunities for career growth.  Learning the rules of the game from numerous brands.  Ability to learn about many different divisions

Cons: The pay is quite low pay. It will only increase when you get a promotion. The environment is very political and that increases when you go up the ladder. Working hours are long.
Advice: Managers need to be less self-centered. They should give less weight to politics and more to real achievements.
Pros: They give you a lot of responsibility. Fast-paced environment. Great learning school for marketing.

Cons: -Too much politics; your works have to be focused on pleasing the upper management
-Not a very organised company
-Long hours
-High turnover of people
-No recognition
-Too many meetings
Advice: Give more respect to employees and really value their opinions, particularly non-french employees
HR needs to be more supportive on training and career development
Pros: -International & well-known brands to have on your CV
-People are young and dynamic, and lots of fun
-Fast-paced, highly demanding & challenging
-A truly international company

Cons: The lack of procedures has its downside causing all kind of problems, more than that the lack of support departments can overewhelm you from time to time with the work load.
Advice: None
Pros: Good friendly atmosphere, Great management / learning school and a great freedom from procedures point of view.
Great people to work with and a very suitable location.

Cons: The work was mentally boring and left much to be desired. The corporate enviornment was not innovative in any sense.
Advice: The mgt could get much more out of its people if they changed expectations and realized people can be capable.
Pros: Free perfumes colognes cream and good people who are always willing to help. Also the work load was very fair.

Cons: Long working hours, lack of work/life balance. Pressure for a grad with little / no training. Ability for upper management to put the 'blame' on graduate and interns.
Advice: More formal training
Pros: Opportunity and exposure to the business, even at a graduate/intern level. Lots of variety in work that is done on a daily basis and gain insight in the cosmectics industry.

Cons: Design decisions are highly constrained. Input is limited. Initiative is discouraged. Business people with little to no understanding of programming try to dictate design decisions. Consultants who remain either prove their worth as data analysts or codge together haphazard code to meet some supposedly urgent  and poorly thought out requirement.

Consultants are definitely not "part of the family". They are unable to participate in company-sponsored volunteer programs. Their children cannot participate in the "Bring Your Daughter/Son to Work" day and are not eligible for scholarship programs. On the other hand, they are expected to give the "face-time" and keep the hours of a clock-punching regular employee. Consultants should consider whether parenting responsibilities and traffic to one of L'Oreal's inconvenient locations will cause them to arrive at the office after 9 am, since such "late" arrivals will count against them, regardless of any compensating late hours or weekends working at home. Working away from the office is discouraged and long hours spent on major changes will not be compensated; you will be told to reduce the hours you are claiming for the month.

Their pay on a corp-to-corp would be barely tolerable on a W-2. That rate is never increased, even after years working for L'Oreal as a consultant.  Also, consultants are paid monthly for the previous month's work, usually after the 15th. Payment processing occurs in several steps, each of which is done by a separate individual or group on their appointed day of the week. If that appointed day is a company holiday -- or some other excuse -- then the checks are delayed for another week. Consultants are advised to work through a consultancy primarily serving contracts with companies making more punctual payments than L'Oreal.
Advice: Stop the charade and hire your technical staff at full-time, permanent positions. You may have to spend more for timely payroll, benefits and raises, but you will not be needlessly angering your workers. You will also be giving your technical staff the authority they need in order to properly design your computer systems.

Then you should seriously consider letting programmers work from home, with only an occasional meeting, or group of meetings, to hash over design issues. Without the clock being used as a measure of work, programmers can be free to solve problems in the most efficient manner: awaking themselves in the middle of the night when they finally figured out what was causing that bug and immediately coding the fix.
Pros: Discount at the Company Store

Cons: People are not important.
Lack of trust. Everybody controls the work of everybody. Together with the fact that there is no processes--&gt; The same job is done by different people several times.
Strong desorganization
The result is no work life balance.
No empowerment --&gt; people don´t develop because company is not open to give responsability.
No Diversity. Almost all people worked only in Loreal.
The company is not open to change / improve. The excuse is always "our strong culture".
Management process are very old. The company is 15years late vs other FMCG.
Advice: Focus on people
Pros: Brands & Strong Innovation
Strong investment building brands

Cons: You have to get familiar with a lot of women products. It can get quite difficult to support as far as sales are concerned.
Advice: Give more free products to the employees and business colleagues. Its all about marketing come on. :-)
Pros: The salary and bonuses are very fair. The general environment is quite good. Great opportunities to built an international career.

Cons: i feel that they dont have enoung bonouses that i can get but i feel abit lazy working there 
to be honest
Advice: take more time to work with the emploments because they are wats any time im there i can see this
Pros: it offers great pay and it is easy for you to clime up the emploment ladder i love it there

Cons: Long hours no work/life balance. Communication between Departments.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits, People I worked with directly were hard working fun people. I Learned a lot over the several years of working for L'Oreal. While the hours were flexible there were a lot of long hours.I loved the job and planned to retire with them. Unfortunately they eliminated my entire Department.

Cons: less caring for people and too much focus on short term result, too much opperational work process, long decision makeing process, centrailized culture to headquater and so on...
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportinuties,very dynamic culture, admit mistakes to improve the next, transparent management, many brands with different background and very interntional and open minded compnay

Cons: too pricesy items so sometimes hard to sell
confusing products
not enough advertising
not too modern items
more make up background and formation
Advice: to keep more in style
to relate make up items
to train more in selling their porducts
change and update of the selling tecqniques
Pros: great products
proactive environmente good colleagues good background good work conditions
promotion possibilities
respect and shareness
good actions and activities

Cons: Lack of clear rules makes it quite hard to manage in hard times.
Advice: 
Pros: A very unstructured company with a lot of young talent. This is great since people are always prepared to find a new way of doing things and going an extra mile to get the job done

Cons: Very special type of corporate culture.
No French speakers will have a hard time working at the headquarter, non French speakers will NEVER reach the top management positions.
Advice: None
Pros: Very dynamic, lots of opportunities for young people.
Great industry to work for.
French speakers have an unparalleled advantage over others

Cons: Very paternalist, progress based more on relations rather than profeesionnal efforts
Advice: Really help middle management to push changes, not only put in words in brochures and HR speaches.
Pros: Individual challenge, entrepreneurship, cosmetic savoir faire

Cons: Base pay needs to be looked at vs competition pay 
Bonus great - base pay too low
Not for people who want rigid process/structure
Advice: 
Pros: Great Place for implementing new ideas
Can Move anywhere in company 
Unlimited personal potential 
Can be a leader without the title

Cons: salary, career development might be a bit slow if you are not in the right position at the right moment
Advice: Reward a bit more your employees
Pros: Fantastic work environment, interesting products, good work life balance (depending on the role), good school for marketing

Cons: Lack of structure, too marketing oriented, no interest for process optimization and improvement with a bad influence on operational workload. People are exaggerating the company importance and actual value.
Advice: None
Pros: Paying good salary for specialized jobs, able to have a good work/life balance (although not in all positions)

Cons: often have to work overtime. can be catty at times. very fast paced. one person has to take quite a wide job scope
Advice: 
Pros: good perks of getting staff discount on beauty products and free beauty products at times too. very young culture. dynamic environment

Cons: - Terrible takeover strategies
- "You are free to do what you want to do, except..." on everything operations-wise
- Terrible IT infrastructure
Advice: Be honest
Pros: L'Oreal purchased a medium-sized health and beauty company in US, and changes started rolling in.
- Free products
- Great benefits

Cons: there is nothing for me to say
Advice: upgradation of knowlege  about and new competative products in the market so that the tech is aware and able to ans the students during training.
Pros: very professional and well organised

Cons: I worked with two different Account Coordinators and they were both very hard to respect because of the way they treated sales staff
Advice: Hire Account Coordinator's who are serious about helping with sales and performance.
Pros: My coworkers were great to work with!

Cons: - Company politics
- Artificially generated climate of urgency
- High rate of stress leaves
- Uncompetitive salary progression
- Poor work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: - Top tier colleagues
- Youthful environment
- Brand ownership
- Resourceful Marketing Budgets
- Solid HR training programs
- Competitive Starting Salary

Cons: Tough place to implement ideas
Divided vision, mission among st the employee
Advice: Allow & be ready to change with the fast moving world.
Bring fresh blood
Give opportunity internally
Pros: Nice Working Environment
Colorful working culture
Flat Structure

Cons: - Unfair treatment amongst manpower
- Long hours
- At times, tough environment
Advice: A more in-depth and fair evaluation of employees and not fully based on the subjective evaluation of middle-level supervisors.
Pros: - Very good remuneration package
- On-the-job training
- Continuous learning 
- Bonus

Cons: dissolved their sales force despite the successes of this force. Followed path of all other cosmetic companies and now will suffer what other companies have faced- frustrated accounts
Advice: None
Pros: great company realized the power of their sales force

Cons: they keep too many employees who just want to bask in the limelight of being employed by a global leader without stretching their abilities and making meaningful contributions
Advice: keep kickin it
Pros: opportunity is always there for those who want to meet the challenge

Cons: too low-paid
no motivation for those who work for a long time
brain-drain due to low salary
few qualified experts, most guys straight from university
Advice: 
Pros: great products easy to fall in love with 
brings beauty to the world
well-known worldwide company with "status" image
openminded towards students

Cons: Very Political
Very Disorganized
Low Pay
Have way too many meetings about nothing.
Procedures change on a weekly basis.
Too top heavy with Management.
Management is lazy and never around because they are in so many meetings.
Management is cold and unresponsive to longtime employees suggestions.
Advice: Stop putting the wrong people in management positions. Some of these managers don't have the background experience/education to even be running their departments.
Pros: The company cosmetics discounts are good.

Cons: Disorganized
No movement between departments
minimal HR support
Limited opportunities to move up
Second class citizen
High turnover
Inconsistent high level decision making
Advice: Find a more human HR strategy
Pros: Free product
Nice colleagues
Chance to learn
Can move around to different jobs laterally
Relatively unorganized, so opportunity to create structre

Cons: Paperwork/employee issues take a while to get resolved.
Advice: You need to keep a closer look at what is going on in your different locations.
Pros: Great benefits and pay rate is not bad!

Cons: - Very unclear vision of the career, long validation processes
Advice: Give people choices for their next assignment/project and LISTEN to them, be less top-down
Pros: - Flexible career, interesting projects, early responsibility

Cons: Work life balance is a serious problem, stressful.
Advice: Laptops so that employees (not only management) can work from home and fix work life balance
Pros: Learning opportunities, great people, fantastic place to learn marketing

Cons: noone cares about your well being.
Advice: invest in your employees if you want to see them work hard for you.
Pros: great benefits and pay make this place very attractive at first.

Cons: The sales force was eliminated so I lost my job.
Advice: Good luck in the future with no loyal employees
Pros: Most of my reasons were for personal satisfaction. It was a good fit.

Cons: no process at all you get crazy to deliver things on time
Advice: None
Pros: there is al lot of flexibility but one few can take a real opportunity out of it

Cons: Lack of communication between levels of management.
Advice: The people in the field had a major impact on the success of the company.
Pros: Great people and fantastic perks!

Cons: low pay
messy organisation
politicking, from bottom all the way to the top
unless you are into beauty industry, please, dont even think about joining the company
Advice: treat employees with respect. nevertheless i can understand why it doesnt, as it sees its products and not people as its source of competitive advantage.
Pros: freebies
some capable and nice people
leader in the field, products that sell by themselves

Cons: late working, balance work/life not so good
Advice: improve on time managment
Pros: very nice place and nice people to work with.
space to take your own decission and improvment 
lot of learning

Cons: Cons will only come  when person has  stop adopting new things.
Advice: None
Pros: Helps u to closely under stand the business operations from all angles.

Cons: Lack of intercultural and international diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Global company with many opportunities. Very marketing-oriented. Not very procedural. interesting people from different educational backgrounds.

Cons: salary, advancement opportunities and overworked and not enough staff
Advice: listen to your employees
Pros: Training programs when you are sent abroad.
