Cons: - They work you like a slave, work life balance is terrible and the management always asks for more than you but never acknowledges your efforts (for them it's normal that you work so late), no gratification for your work
- No support from management
- HR are useless and not helpful
- Not international at all (Switzerland is a very small market with very limited budget, can be quite frustrating during international meetings when you see what other markets can do)
- Burnouts are very common (at least once a month)
- Extremely high turnover
- 0 benefits or perks (apart from free products)
- Very low salary for swiss standards
- Low career opportunities: you will change brands very quickly and they will change your title but come a certain point you won't be able to have such a high position as they are limited in number
Advice: Hire more staff as all teams are understaffed, care more about the team's well being, don't put so much pressure (it's just a jar of cream at the end of the day), if you want to overwork your teams then you should reward them with a higher salary or perks
Pros: Everybody is young (25-30ish), good atmosphere, colleagues get along, free products, you get to make strategic decisions

Cons: While in some companies management trainees have their own projects, a lot of departments where you get your rotations treat you as a free labor to do the most boring work. Many managers don't understand that you are paid twice as much as a basic intern, and it would be more useful for the company and the trainee to give more interesting projects with some responsibility. So my advice is to ask upfront for a specific project (as it will help you gain management experience), and avoid routine work which people just try to get rid of (it doesn't teach you anything and doesn't bring any value) or try to share it, otherwise your motivation will dissapear very soon.
It seems also that headcount in some departments is not right at all - some people work till 9-10 p.m. very often, while others always leave at 6 p.m. (not because they are more efficient)
Advice: Develop a specific program for each trainee with projects they can be solely responsible for. Tell managers that it's a waste of resources to give a lot of routine work to management trainees (they are paid sometimes more than junior brand managers and more than most "specialist" positions)
Pros: A lot of nice people, no dress code, free lunch

Cons: -very stressful environment
-too busy to train new employees
-people are not so welcoming, too much backstabbing and gossiping
-life revolves around work, don't expect a personal life
-high turnover, can't keep employees 
-HR lies to new recruits, promises them of a dream job
-Most workers are young, because they are mostly fresh from university or have little experience, still naive, but they soon realize the L'Oreality and leave.  A new set of young naive recruits enter and another set of overworked tired workers leave...this cycle never ends.
Advice: Hire more people, the problem is that people leave due to high stress because there's not enough personnel.  You will always have people leaving if you don't listen to their needs.  Everyone is swamped with work. Stop focusing on production for a moment and try focusing on the real  and bigger problem: employees well-being.  If you ask every single employee if they are satisfied, they will tell you they hate this place.  You only realize how brutal L'Oréal is once you get to work there, otherwise, it seems like the ideal place, bunch of bullcrap.
Pros: -Good starting salary
-discount on products
-unlimited overtime

Cons: Russian office is suffering a lot during last 2-3 years. Marketing teams had been completely changed several times, brand managers came and just in some time leave the company, they simply rejected to work in such conditions. The main reason: lack of strategic thinking behind actions. Top management is undoubtedly very professional, but middle management and especially their attitude to their teams leave much to be desired. A good place to start career but do not recommend to come from another company
Advice: Invest in people, start to treat staff as main company's asset. Brand and products are nothing if there is no good team behind, especially in marketing
Pros: Fantastic products and brands, outstanding brand development teams in DMI, consequently plenty of innovations that continuously launching on the market. Also since this is beauty company, that beauty touch is felt everywhere. In Russian office you can be promoted really fast and become marketing director in your 30 (but actually I doubt that this is a good point)

Cons: - No work-life balance
- A lot of stress, very fast changing of situations, L'Oréal chaos 
- You have to be be fluent French to get to management positions
- Most of the time you aŕe rather a Firefighter than a Financial Controller
- Lower salaries than the competition
- Also incompetent employees can reach responsible positions only by waiting long enough
Advice: None
Pros: - Lot's of experience - As an intern/trainee you can advance very fast to responsible assignments that are done by Senior middle-management in other companies
- Fast career advance
- No boundaries and lot's of opportunities to try out different fields - it is no problem to go from Finance to Purchasing/Procurement and vice versa, however moving from Finance to Marketing, although possible, is not so often to be seen
- Very dynamic

Cons: Management bullying does exist , and HR do not help you .... They bully you into not taking it to tribunal....managers get promoted who have complaints for bullying team 
Favouritism encouraged 
5-6 hrs driving on top of your 8 hr day is allowed by HR
Meetings last for hr...8am start 7pm finish , even though there is a L'Oreal meeting charter up on the walls 
If you have over 8 yrs service they try to get you out rather than pay the salary , trying to go down the capability route , watch out !
Advice: HR need to listen to the team members about management bullying it does go on and needs to be addressed
Pros: Staff shop
Great to have on your cv

Cons: Very hierarchical company structure, resulting in very long decision making processes and also resulting in stressed out people since top management in Paris have no idea/don't care of the workload. Everybody is stressed out and depressed. Very bad work/life balance. Low salary. Last minute decisions and changes all the time, partly because none of the managers dare to say "NO" to Paris. Very competitive culture, also internally. A lot of responsibility but not the same amount of control over decisions - very frustrating. Very old-fashion it /reporting systmes. A lot of time spend on reporting to Paris - could have been spend on developing the business. Managers have good technical skills, but very poor people skills.
Advice: Take care of your employees - this would benefit the company as well sine the turnover rate is extremely high and a lot of knowledge is lot and money spend every time a good employee leaves/burn out.
Pros: Steap learning curve, good colleagues, nice products

Cons: High Turnover and constant change of management in the company.  It gets tiring having to re-establish relationship with new managers, in 1 year you can have 2-3 different managers.  All the hard work you did to prove yourself with your previous manager can be wasted.  Because here, it doesn't matter what you did last month, what are you doing this minute?

LONG hours.  If there is an international visit be prepared to work weekends and late evenings.  Sometimes these visits are a surprise and they tell you to prepare in 2-3 weeks (mostly rare).  You end up preparing 100 different ppt. slides, 5 of which might actually be used.  The entire visit process is such a waste of time, you're basically putting on a big show for the big international bosses.  I haven't heard bad things about them, I've typically heard that they were pretty friendly, but it's just a waste of time.  Everyone is stressed out and running around like chickens with their heads cut off.   

Office Politics.  This is soo huge here.  Like the comment above, its all about putting on a show.  Making it seem like you're doing so much work and its amazing.  Everything is controlled by HR, and they are watching/analyzing you're every move. It's all about if they like you, performance has less to do than you would expect.  Lots of backstabbing.  But at first its so hidden, you don't realize anything once you have the rosy shades on from being so excited to get hired.  Then slowly you see cases where upper management suddenly vanishes from the company.  People will throw you under the bus to get ahead.  Poor value system.  Don't trust anyone!  Everyone is looking out for themselves.  

Logistics and IT sucks here.  You'd think that a company that is so cutting edge in innovation, they would invest more in their logistics management systems and operations.  Especially being a CPG giant.  Expect computers from the mid 19th century (kidding. but seriously: crappy IT).  It slows down your work, frustrating.  

Poor management (sometimes):  If you have a bad manager, all i say is GOOD LUCK! you can be the hardest working, most intelligent employee and if they don't like you, you're screwed.  If your manager doesn't know what they're doing, GOOD LUCK! this typical doesn't happen, but it does (i guess this is a risk at all companies)  But don't dare voice your opinions to HR, because their motto is "too bad, its your responsibility to deal with it"
Advice: Relax, it's just a stick of lipstick.  You're not curing cancer.
Pros: Discounted products
Great training opportunities in other cities (Paris, NYC)
The pride of telling people you work at L'Oreal
Opportunities for movement, both up or different brands
Good salary
Great opportunities for recent grads, MBA or otherwise
If you're in Marketing, this can be a really great company to work for because they spend a lot of $ on marketing
Amazing learning experience
A lot of responsibility early on in your career (if they like you)
Young crowd
innovative products 
lost of investment PR (luminato, tiff etc.)

Cons: Very individualist complany. French people lead and always will. French language is a must to grow in the company. Top Manager are excellent is few skills and are placed in places that suite those skills. The company doen not look for complete managers, just for people able to deliver in a specific area. Extremely long working days
Advice: Focus on key priorities. Lot's of time wasted in useless details. top management quality at local level very poor
Pros: Exellence is a must, you will learn how not to compromise and how to look for the best. Challenging enviroment enables you to cope with pressure.

Cons: Enormous pressure, stressful working environment, long decision making processes, countries are extremely dependent on HQ, employees are not valued
Advice: Value your employees! A lot of knowledge, expertise & ideas get lost due to the heavy fluctuation making the internal processes very slow and create wrongdoings. The company could be so much more profitable with a little more employee satisfaction through personal valuation and by employing managers that have a people-focus and know how to motivate their teams!
Pros: Great responsibility, marketing freedom due to big marketing budget, dynamic & young people, international exposure

Cons: Lack of management skills, lack of good structure and good standardized processes, very poor compensation package compared to competitors,  poor introduction to company and training, work/life balance is for some non-existing
Advice: Spend more time developing the employees, search for candidates internally, have more structure in in the way you do business, develop managers through training and courses
Pros: Great name, great brands, good products, trusted with a lot of responsibility from the start, people are proud to work for L'Oréal, International feel, great collegues

Cons: Very flshy, takes things on face value, highly perception driven, takes decision based on "Who" aspect rather than "what", top management in India not very capable,
Advice: Takes some good people in Country top management from outside. Devise mechanism to identify talent instead of going by perception, takes decision based on merit of the case and not by who has done it
Pros: Very open and vibrant culture, truly democratic in decisionmaking, not much office politics, senior management very respectful to juniors, efficient middle management

Cons: it's sweatshop - you will be doing the job of 4-5 people at the same position in the Western European subsidiary, HUGE turnover (abou 20%\)
Advice: there should be the same approach towards employees across the company in the different countries - the offices comfort is not the same, the workload is not the same, very few locals (not to say "no at all" in the management comittee), no credible intelligent HR directors.
Pros: it's international company and have such employer in the 3d world country is greatest advantage

Cons: Some benefits are lower than in other big companies (Insurance).
They prefer ex pats from Europe for some upper mgmt positions. 
For certain managerial positions  they prefer to hire external instead to use internal talent, and they do had internal talent.
Advice: None
Pros: So challenging, good environment, exciting opportunity, working in the leader company is  really a good experience, most of the people are really commited with their work. One of the remaining companies in Mexico that invest in training.

Cons: There was no cons while I was working. Just nothing to say about it.. Really.. It was my first and very inspiring job.
Advice: I like my manager very much) Thank you! Nothing to add.
Pros: Many interesting people. Communication. Competitive salary and bonuses. Travelling all over the country. Working with new modern technologies. Just have a nice time)

Cons: Long working hours, high pressure from management. young professionals tend to work for themselves only - helping colleagues and supporting them is not within people's interest at L'Oreal.
Advice: senior management is not approachable at all.
Pros: You get free products or pay a reduced price. The employees are usually young and motivated. Working at L'Oreal is not only linked to cosmetics, trends in fashion, music and film are also important and part of the job.

Cons: Overall a great experience. Nothing negative to talk about
Advice: Nothing in particular
Pros: One of the finest companies to work for, amongst the leading MNC's in India. Great work life balance, plenty of opportunities, very process driven & absolutely ethical company to work for. Rewards & recognizes talent & hard work. Plenty of opportunities for working with other countries within the Zone. Appraisal systems are very transparent. Products are also very good & well researched.

Cons: Low work-life balance, wasting time on details, high pressure, high stress,  working times, french culture first.
Advice: Become a real multi-national company, not a big French company. Pushing international opportunities for employees, with an internal job-posting system for example. Stop countries to think as separated companies, more as a group.
Pros: Huge resources to handle, big responsibilities, many grow opportunities, great environment, act as a leader, great for marketing people.

Cons: Very political work environment. Human resources guidelines are unclear at best and only seem to improve when you say you'll be leaving. Not a lot of room to grow. Low salaries.
Advice: Need more open and honest communication about future possibilities.
Pros: Worked with a great team and had a very good learning experience. Good environment if you want to try many different jobs on the same level.

Cons: - Political
- Incredibly slow moving, decisions take a long time by which point the competition has already sped 
   ahead
- Legal are ultra strict and inefficient, only accept paper submissions
- Company is completely inefficient, repetitive reports, work which could be automated
- IT is shockingly bad. Internet down for half days at a time, months to resolve
- Email culture, cc everyone to cover your backside
- Senior Management are arrogant, false, pretend to care because they've been told to show more 
  empathy
- Scores very low on internal worker survey vs UK average
- Meetings NEVER start on time, not uncommon for senior meetings to run over by 5,6 hours
- Late nights are inevitable as there simply aren't enough people to cover the workload
- Headcount is kept unbearably low, the very minimum to get the job barely done
- Due to such heavy work load many have checked out on stress leave
- As another poster said they think you'll never leave
- No salary bands are published, zero transparency from upper management ( this is starting to 
  change)
- HR have no succession planning or a very vague plan of you can be a General Manager within 5 
  years
- The place practically runs on Interns and Grads who are brought through the Management Trainee 
   programme but are really a form of cheap labour and often take up positions that would be full time 
   headcount in other firms

Avoid unless you just want the name on your CV
Advice: Bring in IT teams who are not just help-desk support

Your people are valuable and not just commodities to be kept to the lowest level possible

Learn how to be more agile, make decisions faster, allow people to fail but learn from the experience

Drop the arrogance

Become FULLY transparent, starts all the way at the top

LISTEN to people at exit interviews and don't assume 'they'll be back' or 'they wont like it' there are very good / fixable reasons why people leave
Pros: - High Levels of Responsibility given early
- High Budget Spend
- Some freedom to Try New Ideas 
- People are generally intelligent, motivated and ambitious

Cons: Before joining I assumed a highly professional work environment due to the world class products L'Oréal markets, unfortunately I have encountered immature and shallow material girls/ boys on all levels obsessed with the superficialities of life. The workload and inefficiency is insane, people that can't keep up are considered 'weaklings' and not worthy. No business processes and no HR vision. Get ready to be stabbed in the back and lied to: making co-workers look bad is the way to get ahead!
Advice: Interesting reading material: 'The No A*****e Rule: Building a Civilized Workplace'
Pros: Oustanding brands
Discounts on L'Oréal products

Cons: Very large organization with complex matrix structure. If you can navigate large companies, you will find success here. Lots of opportunities to grow.
Advice: Look within your own ranks for talent.
Pros: Surrounded by beauty professionals who are passionate about the work and the industry as whole. Many opportunities to learn form category veterans.

Cons: they wear through good people quickly, unfortunately all people in senior management are not necessarily people minded
Advice: Don't wait until your good people leave before realizing that they are unhappy--all levels of management should be held accountable for how they treat their teams
Pros: good benefits for senior management, ability to work with several departments and contribute feedback

Cons: No time for innovative approach, chaotic organisation, French management style, no respect for timings and schedules, medium salaries, stress
Advice: Give people tools and time to be creative, respect timings (especially top management!), pay more so talents won't quit after 2 years
Pros: Young teams, great products to work with, great quality of marketing materials from Headquarters

Cons: - need to work on performance review to screen out those with weak performance, especially in the level of manager or above
- management skills of management team are weak
- old staff tends to be lacking of motivation
Advice: - conduct 360 mandatory employee survey
Pros: - good working procedures
- good people
- dynamic environment
- good development chance for staff

Cons: frecnh Politics atmosphere, very little " practical work" done.  Very underpaid.
Advice: try to avoid talent migration and develop true creative thinknig on the youngest
Pros: Many pretty women if you are straight , young and single, great place to "make" friends

Cons: Very low (5% maximum) raises, and extremely slow career development
Advice: To keep the good people, you need to give them more motivation - like bonuses based on performance, or a faster development track!
Pros: The highest level of expertise, huge resources and freedom to do research

Cons: Too much politics, not well organised, High turn-over rate
Advice: management wants to keep rules and they break the rule also. Chaos !!
Pros: If your're Dynamic person and very passionate for promotion. it could be a right place.
Can Learn and experience really many things in a short period.

Cons: Very political - you only have chance to grow it you know the right people;
Doesn't have processes, what makes your routine very confused;
You work many many hours a day.
Advice: None
Pros: Have a well structured R&D department;
Internacional exchange with people from all over the world.

Cons: No career growth, no HR, un necessary sales pressure, no strategy for growth
Advice: Focus on systems and processes instead of targets only
Pros: Work life balance (depending on Boss), great brands

Cons: Management can be a little bit strong sometimes
Human Ressources are a bit slow and tend to be sneaky!
Advice: Improve communication and do not give too much power to HR
Pros: Best marketing school
Great products
Very challenging
Amazing team spirit
Profit and Stock sharing

Cons: Perhaps lacking in modernity and really behind when it comes to technology.
Advice: Look outside the L'Oreal group for inspiration and be more connected to the local community.
Pros: L'Oreal is an incredibly entrepreneurial place where you can gain a tremendous amount of experience.

Cons: Lots lots of work! And so, extra-hours
Advice: Better integration of the new-ones
Pros: Really challenging function. 6 months as a sales representative then arrived at the offices. 
Lots of responsibilities within a year and creativity for the launches of products

Cons: ability to manage internal politics and network is necessary to grow since there is a lot of talent people competing for same top positions
Advice: none
Pros: this is a very good company to work for
great opportunity and possibility to grow for talented people
good possibility of mobility

Cons: - hours sometimes long 
- superficial nature of the industry 
- need to promote more women into senior positions
Advice: Can feel womanizing at times
Pros: - clear career path 
- great training
- nice culture 
- good people
- amazing learning experience

Cons: Had a very busy workload, could have worked 24 hours - more my expectations of myself
Advice: More attention to recognizing employees
Pros: Very positive experience, felt like I was treated with respect.

Cons: Heavy workload, stressful environment, high probability of burnout
Advice: None
Pros: Autonomy, Opportunities to lead teams and projects, Responsibilities

Cons: Salary
Commission/Bonus structure was so small that it is not an incentive
Advice: Revisit the compensation package to make it more competitive
Pros: Sales training is excellent - all companies should do this
New Products
Marketing support
Benefits

Cons: Employees are treated accordingly to how well management likes them. There is no equality of treatment or fairness involved. Also, management get special treatment, often to the detriment of lower level staff. Anyone who is below the rank of assistant manager gets no bonus at all!
Advice: Be more objective and not just rely on hearsay.
Pros: You get a lot of free products and great office location.

Cons: if somebody wants to join L'Oreal, he/she has to prepare for frequently overtime working.
Advice: None
Pros: it is a place with vitality and challenges

Cons: Difficult to arrange all the processes efficiently. They try to strengthen digital marketing capabilities. But it is difficult in terms of their culture and people management
Advice: None
Pros: Good place for woman off course. I don't any men who could survive more than 2 years. Still good for women although the market is shrinking

Cons: Way too much process and regulations to make efficiency very low
Advice: None
Pros: Beauty, and people are good

Cons: Do not work here is you are afraid of hard work!
Advice: Let your employee's have a life.
Pros: Great training! Great place to develop your talents!

Cons: No career progression. Will be promised better pay, conditions and training but won't happen. All the best positions are already taken and upper management won't let go of those roles.
Advice: Listen to your staff, stop complaining that sales are down. Promote and encourage staff not just your favourites.
Pros: Looks good on your CV.
