Cons: -Reduce unnecessary travel, this seems to have improved since more customers are willing to mean remotely in the last couple of years -Make engineering jobs more open to employees outside of Redmond area. This has also seemed to be improving with more remote work but some teams are still not very open to this.
Advice: None
Pros: -Excellent health benefits including coverage for all family members (no deductions from paycheck unless spouses company offers health benefits) -Maternity leave shows how company cares for employees and value of family, about 5 months in total paid! Paternity leave is a bit less time but still excellent. -Culture is great

Cons: Ambitions are such that no one cares to finish what they start. Everyone is always looking for the next shiny object and every product you get to work in is always frustratingly unpolished and incomplete.
Advice: Stop promoting based on ambitions and initiatives, start promoting on what was delivered.
Also, ban "participation awards" and the self congratulatory emails for should the very basics, and the widespread sugarcoating where even a massive, predicted and avoidable failure is described as an achievement. Fire everyone that even tries to do that, so the pattern ends quickly before it drives this company to the ground.
Pros: Great opportunities, no red tape, ambitious goals and great people. There seems to be an unstated "no a-holes" policy.

Cons: Because it's a massive company, your team can feel very disjointed and silo'd.
Sometimes can be slow moving with lots of overhead, approvals, etc.
Advice: People like change in their careers, so instead of trying to stop people from leaving, build it into their job. Most of my peers, including myself, left just because we wanted to work on something different. I think employee retention would be much higher if there was a better system for working on new things every once in a while.
Pros: Great work-life balance. Solid compensation. Very stable company during crazy times like this. Tons of different product offerings to find what you're passionate about. Lots of really smart people.

Cons: The other side of this niceness and inclusion is that making a decision takes too much time because, basically, a decision should be unanimous and if there is one objection, there is no decision moving things forward.
Advice: None
Pros: The working culture is friendly and nice. MS tries to avoid mentioning of competition between coworkers (which is in reality what happens) and to promote cooperation and support. Also, MS emphasizes inclusion, so that people make conscious effort to bring out the opinions from every one.

Cons: There is no place to go... The company is not a growth company, making getting into Microsoft difficult and moving around inside just as hard.
Advice: Stop trying to make people feel bad about not being good enough to get another role inside Microsoft. Stop trying to make it sound like only the best get to move, when if fact its more a matter of lack of growth.
Pros: Microsoft has good leadership and manufactures good products. They pay fair wages and have average benefits.

Cons: If you're looking for the most cutting edge tech and cream of the crop peers, I don't feel like this is the place for that. That being said everyone is extremely intelligent. The amount of legacy technology can really make you feel stuck in the mud at times though.
Advice: None
Pros: You can find good and bad teams at any company, but the fact that there is a top down value placed on work life balance and employee welfare really does have an effect on team culture. I remember my first year on my current team we were all very overworked and stressed, and in our yearly survey our team and org put very low scores for WLB. The shift in WLB after that was honestly astonishing, and 1.5 years later I'm still extremely happy with it.

Cons: Middling salary range for the industry. Low rate of stock refreshers. Opportunities for advancement can be very limited if you're not in a part of the org that matches your org's specific focus.
Advice: Its time to adjust refreshers to match the industry overall
Pros: Great benefits package, industry leading when taken as a whole. Good work life balance. "Crunch" times are rare and brief when they do occur. This is by far the most diverse team I've worked with.

Cons: There aren't really any cons except for when the economy is not doing well there is stress that you may not have a job in the future.
Advice: Most managers actually do care about your development, yet they usually put their own interests first, which is expected.
Pros: This job is one of the best jobs I have ever had the luxury of doing. There is so much potential to grow and develop your skills here.

Cons: -Microsoft prides itself in its diversity. I can only talk about the group I worked with but one identity group was over-represented by a factor of 4 which discriminates against every other identity group. -In my group at Microsoft, bullies were promoted to lord over other employees and the only action taken when complaints were made was to move the bullied employee to another lead while the bully continued to demean people under him.
Advice: -Stop hiring people based upon their identity. -Take action against bullies.
Pros: -Great training -Great experience in technology -Industry leading software

Cons: I wasn't a fan of the stock reward program that makes it look like you are rewarded now but waits 4-5 years to fully vest. But some stock award is better than nothing.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance (may depend on you and/or the team though). My experience with management, culture, and benefits have been generally positive.

Cons: Some teams feel like country clubs where white male managers and engineers go to do the whole good ol' boys club thing.

Are managers here corrupt or incompetent? I can't say which is the more accurate adjective to use. But there is no correlation between merit and employee levels here.
Advice: Pay attention to what people in your team are doing and do your job instead of making excuses like how hard it is to get people promoted.  Do your job or find yourself a different role that you are a better fit for.
Pros: Some teams work on cool interesting things.

Cons: Microsoft health insurance is VERY GOOD, but in many occasions, it's complicated to get your benefits. Most of providers won't accept it at first, even tho you can submit the claims to get reimbursed later for 99% of them. But that's time consuming and mostly a waste of time for the providers to have back-and-forth communications with you to confirm whether they can take you in or not. Therefore, it ultimately affects employees' productivity by distracting us to spend time on worthless work. 

Slow in promotion and increase. It takes multiple years (I've heard) to get promoted. The pay scale and pay raise aren't competitive enough given the context now (Big tech competition and inflation).
Advice: Consider streamlining and flattening the management tiers a bit to give people more visibility and ownership.
Pros: Nice work/life balance
Smart people and managers
Great culture &amp; D&amp;I overall
Huge impact
Lots of growth potentials

Cons: Getting promoted is tough. It's not enough that you deliver but you're expected to and keep your skip manager know about this. This is because your direct manager is busy with his own leveling-up. In my first 3 years there, our direct _did_not_ even introduced us to our skip.
Advice: They should review the promotion process again. It's just not that effective and seems like unfair to other folks
Pros: In my current role right now, here are the pros which I can also see pretty much from our sister groups (groups within the same org)
- awesome WL balance -&gt; I never felt pressured to work beyond my workhours and I can always take a break (long and short) to recoup well-being
- flexible -&gt; as long as you deliver results on time, nobody cares where you are and what you do during the day;
- resources availability -&gt; you're in one of the biggest companies in the world and this should be a given ;)
- great benefits --&gt; &gt;my fave is the backup care (they've increased the hours for child care under Bright Horizon significantly after Covid) and the $1200 well-being allowance
- diverse and inclusive -&gt; what you've read are all true!

Cons: Matrixed environments make it a beast to navigate. Tons of red tape. Lazy people that hold it back. Sometimes tight resourcing budgets that don’t align to targets.
Advice: Stop holding on to people who want to coast and collect. Make room for your next generation
Pros: Great benefits, great balance, great people

Cons: - culture isn't great for young people. too corporate, stuffy, old. - no real sense of community - no real sense of product direction from leadership - too much bureaucracy with management. teams are rarely on the same page.
Advice: - narrow the scope/focus of each team to minimize bureaucracy - add more social events for young people
Pros: - respectful and nice coworkers - great benefits - flexible work hours

Cons: * Sales and services teams have fragmented cultures that reflect the personalities of the local Sales General Managers more than the overall values of the company * Corporate vs. The Field is still combative, but improving
Advice: Sales leaders need to learn to better interact with the varied personalities of the technical experts there to support them.
Pros: * Amazing overall culture * Access to amazing resources to learn, grow, and just get the job done * Great pay and benefits

Cons: Lots of politics leads to a lot of employee time spent working hard on projects that ultimately don't get shipped in projects and lots of time spent negotiating with other teams on how to make certain projects happen
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits (pay, team morale, time off, holidays)

Cons: People managers can be better.
Advice: Top down, honestly identify challenges, business, technical, cultural... Be open to how the ranks respond to addressing those.
Pros: A fantastic place to work. Great pace, opportunities to grow and learn continuously. I was learning even after 24 years there. Provides very good mobility within the company in terms of career and location.

Cons: Well below average pay in the tech industry
Your manager generally only cares about their own next move
People in the company seem think they are superior to employees at other company which is funny and take such pride in the Microsoft logo itself. Microsoft became their identities and it's sometime unbearable
Diversity and Inclusion: This is very INTERESTING here. because they do hire people with diverse background. I know someone in HR and I've been told by her as well as seen it myself that someone that is way more under qualified will get hired because they fulfill certain diversity quota. I personally know a friend who fulfill these "criteria", she has gone on an one month vacation without actually taking days off, manager noticed this and she still proceed to take one more week. HR cannot fire her because they need the PR and she still works there today while probably working 1 to 2 hours a week because she know she cannot be fired.
Advice: None
Pros: The work life balance is pretty good in sales
There are truly some really nice people here

Cons: Microsoft occasionally forgets that they are a company and attempts to lecture on morality. Stay in your lane, megacorporation.
Advice: Microsoft is growing rapidly and won't slow down any time soon. Keep track of your people and treat them well - that delivers a better ROI than anything else.
Pros: If you are knowledgeable in the Microsoft ecosystem, working at Microsoft itself is the place to be. I'm compensated very well, have flexible working hours, and have been given the unique tools I need to succeed. I think I'm appreciated and compensated fairly for the amount of value I provide, which isn't very common these days.

Cons: We've had several instances where we've been told by leadership that we have to use a certain technology, even when it doesn't make sense. Managers make a bulk of the technical decisions without engineer input. There's a bro culture on my team that has made me feel ignored and underappreciated
Advice: Listen to your senior engineers
Pros: Compensation, benefits, company is trying to do the right things for accessibility, diversity and inclusion

Cons: Heavy work load and high stress. Lots of talk of "self-care" and "empathy" without implementing those same traits in how they design/manage our workloads
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic people and earnest desire from management to support you in growing your career. Least sexist workplace I've ever worked in.

Cons: Wasn't being paid appropriately and growing within the company is almost impossible.
Advice: None
Pros: The people and culture is like no other - absolutely amazing! I had great senior leaders and direct manager who were so understanding and helped push you on your lowest days. Learned that winning as a team was more important than anything.

Cons: The inclusiveness allows for coasting. You will find yourselfs to be working with people who don't desire to be promoted or to thrive and they will just tag along and do the minimum. Good for them, but not good for the company and people they work with.
Advice: None
Pros: If you want to hustle and overdeliver (at least this is the fact in sales) then you can. And the company will recognise and promote you. I have seen rapid promotions with multiple top talents. Very rewarding.

Besides that probably the best and most inclusive corporate company culture.

Cons: It is a lot of strategy work and very meeting heavy. You need to build relationships across multiple teams in order get others to fix customer issues. Very static issues, don’t expect to see real change to customer issues any time soon.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to learn about all the major issues the company is facing across product, operations and solutions.

Cons: Some of my main frustrations were:
- Bureaucracy, politics, inertia (maybe inevitable at that size)
- Terrible PM support and competence for internal-facing teams
- Little top-down allyship and leadership on improving security culture
Advice: None
Pros: All in all, I'm really grateful for my time at Microsoft (specifically working as an engineer on security teams in Azure). Some highlights were:
- Massive scale and potential impact of work
- Collaborating with super smart and passionate teammates
- Lots of strong learning and growth opportunities
- Solid company social values (e.g. sustainability, diversity)
- Good compensation and benefits
- Work/life balance and flexibility in schedule and remote work

Cons: bureaucracy of a big company can slow things down. too many decision makers at mid level
Advice: don't stay too long - make room for rising stars
Pros: Amazing talent and mentorship Over the top pay and benefits innovative and fun stuff to work on

Cons: unobtainable quotas with huge year over year growth. Extremely tedious sales process, licensing and contracting make selling more difficult than it needs to be.
Advice: create a more streamlined contracting and licensing approach.
Pros: The benefits and pay are great, when you can actually over achieve your number

Cons: Salary compensation takes a big dip between years 3-6 which is when you see most folks at Microsoft leaving. I left close to year 4 to get my fair market price. Most people come back to Microsoft as a Senior PM or higher for work life balance and to chill. The majority of new hires have more than 7-10 years of experience. I noticed that I saw more Senior and Principal PMs than PM 2s towards the end of my career. Let that sink in. 

Microsoft is a Service provider. They care more about supporting more and more platforms and languages aka growing horizontally ("We need to support a Python on App Service, and Rust on App Service... and every other language and version!") than making what they have into a spectacular product. .NET releases and support takes up big chunks of dev time. Resources tend to get spread thin with so many things to support and less progress is made from a customer experience and feature set standpoint. 

The upper leadership moves very slowly and doesn't like taking risks. If you're a fast mover, you'll likely feel "slowed down" or "asked for further justification as to why it fits on the current roadmap" very often by upper leadership. If you're frustrated by this,
Advice: None
Pros: Microsoft was so valuable in teaching me skills I could use to be an effective program manager at scale. Getting to interface with an external product with thousands of customers has been awesome and I've gotten to learn how to collaborate and create roadmaps with the technical writers, software engineers, and fellow PMs of my product. I also really loved getting to dive deep into customer telemetry and come up with data-driven decisions. Microsoft has a great infrastructure to do so.

I was fortunate enough to be a PM right out of college in Azure Developer Division which focuses on Developer tooling. I think Microsoft set me up with the enterprise-level industry experience that has made me a competitive candidate out in the market.

The people there are very intelligent and work hard within the bounds of a VERY healthy work life balance. People take plenty of vacation and days of throughout the year. I've loved the folks I've worked with for the most part and managers are awesome!

Cons: Many managers at the principal and above level do not exhibit those company values. In those same bands, it's common to see constant land grabs and people forcefully inserting themselves into workstreams to "add value."
Advice: None
Pros: Could be a con, but I love the inclusive and liberal values the company pursues. As a culture, with their training, semi-annual reviews, etc. there is a wide range of ways that try to make sure you understand and exhibit the values they espouse. Amazing benefits as well! It's great to feel like you're working for a company that is driving toward a greater good.

Cons: Management encourages and rewards a timid approach to new features and is self congratulatory for tiny shifts in metrics. We don't stay the course long enough to see the vision for a project end-to-end and ultimately ship watered down fragments to test the concept, which never gets revisited. There's a pervasive culture of leading with 'no' and risk aversion
Advice: Committed to the full scope of projects. They tend to have much bigger payoff for customers.
Pros: We're bringing in more diversity through the intern program. 

The company is very inclusive. A few examples: Every major event has both subtitles and a live ASL translator. Pronoun usage is encouraged to be inclusive to trans folk. There is a specific hiring program for autistic individuals.

Cons: Very team dependent. You might get a team that does not match your interest and experience since they hire first and match later.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing pay and benefits including discounts, good heath insurance and health care including eyesight and dental, stock compensation, Employee Stock Purchase Program, 401K matching 50% up to a certain amount. Very smart people in the teams, top of their field.

Cons: -We pride ourselves on being authentic yet corporate pushes an agenda that limits peoples ability to express more traditional views. -Incentive plan is broken for services
Advice: None
Pros: Very accomodating Awesome work life balance A lot of teams are ok with wfh

Cons: - Tend to only use their own tools (so you get *really* good at Microsoft stuff, not so good at other leading industry tools and frameworks)
- Large scale means slow moving, many hurdles and processes to get changes and developments into production (rightfully so, but can reduce enjoyment)
- Success of Azure has changed culture to be a bit more "results" oriented (You won't get acknowledged for addressing fundamentals)
Advice: Reassess the results first methodology, it does not breed productivity or excitement for work.
Pros: - Competitive wage and benefits
- Working on cutting edge, global projects
- Excellent experience

Cons: Lack of communication from skip level, disregard of experience, knowledge of programs and effort to keep employees
Advice: Don't just get rid of people who want to stay with the company. Figure out a process to place employees whose roles were eliminated
Pros: Excellent Company, benefits, intense environment, opportunity to contribute

Cons: management human rights abuse worker rights abuse focus on profit over human well being
Advice: look into human rights abuses in your over seas factories. I had a manager tell me that he forced female employees to "spend" time with customers visiting the factory so that they didn't have time to audit the Microsoft factory. The female employees were told that they would lose their jobs if the customer returned to factory.
Pros: High pay Good direct co-workers

Cons: - A single toxic employee/leader can make things difficult for everyone, and they're impossible to get rid of - Leaders say they care about diversity and do nothing to show it - Very slow promotions - Low salary compared to other large tech companies
Advice: Do more about intentionally bad actors. They get lots of complaints and nobody acts on it.
Pros: - Top-notch employees - Amazing benefits - Lots of chances for large project ownership

Cons: Long houred shifts, but only 3 or 4 days a week.
Advice: Honestly, they do great at my location.
Pros: Great interpersonal connections. Self motivated to get things done sure to the inherent atmosphere and management model. Superb work to life balance

Cons: The pay isn't as nearly as good as the competitor's and keeps good talent from even trying to apply here. The policy you use on pay levels does nothing but keep people who don't contribute or don't want to contribute around for no reason and moves those who'd be interested away via a terrible reputation regarding pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Pay's ok I guess

Cons: New parts of the company are currently disorganized but leadership is very open to receiving and implementing feedback.
Advice: None
Pros: 1) Everyone has a growth mindset, including leadership. 2) Although we are primarily remote, all teams in our territory are constantly jumping in to support each other. 3) Incredible, holistic benefits. 4) Immense opportunities to learn and upskill.

Cons: No flexibility Managers there shouldn’t be managers Everything is always up in the air
Advice: Understand how to manage people Learn what the products their team is selling because the lack of knowledge reflects on eveyone
Pros: Great benefits Good leaders if you’re lucky

Cons: Fast paced and highly stressful. Need to continually show increased revenue impact.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, high value on families and parental leave. Work spaces are plentiful and can work from anywhere.

Cons: Lower pay than many other companies
Politics
Advice: How good your life will be depends entirely on your manager.
If you are unlucky your tenure will be short.

Microsoft does reorgs yearly it seems.
The management does not seem to match people with teams very well after a reorg.
If you end up in a team that is not a match the you are stuck and will have to look for another job.

Finding another position inside Microsoft will require that you interview again, exactly as if you applied from outside Microsoft.

There are many companies that pay much better and offer more interesting work.

I cannot recommend Microsoft.
Pros: Reasonable work life balance if you are in the right team

Cons: Vaccine mandate; Chaotic product planning; Bad Work/Life balance; Internal tools can be terrible; Politics win over technical excellence
Advice: This is advice for GPM (Group Program Manager) / skip-level managers on my most recent team in particular:

Don't sit in an ivory tower, separate from the day-to-day realities of engineers. Structure your communication channels in Teams such that the team actually feels like a team. For unknown reasons, our communication was spread out over multiple Teams groups: my team was forced to keep its channels in a Teams group for the larger org; I have no idea where the other engineering teams communicated with each other. I wasn't even sure what our org structure looked like - who worked on our product across the globe. We should have had an All-Hands meeting once per quarter - not once per year. Or maybe an update email here and there.

Perform user research BEFORE you ask engineers to implement a feature. On my team, most of the features we implemented got cut just before or just after they were finished - because user research had only just finished their testing (without using the stuff we had just built - so building it was unnecessary). Lots of engineering time was wasted, and it was demoralizing.

In addition, don't keep piling pressure on engineers along the lines of "We should have shipped already!" when PM / design / user research haven't even decided what we should be building!!! It's laughable to have a fixed launch date when you don't even know what your new product wants to be.

And if PM / design go through the process of cutting features in order to speed up the time to market, maybe involve engineers in that process. Otherwise you might end up creating MORE work instead of reducing it!! Re-designing an entire website &amp; adding new features in response to feature cuts is NOT how you reduce work for engineers!!

The good news: My immediate manager was competent. Most GPMs and skip-levels at Microsoft are more competent than the leadership of my most recent team. It was a mess.
Pros: Nice People; WFH; Job security; Yammer (internal social media); Lots of DLs/groups; Mature engineering practices

Cons: When there's a re-org happening, cross your fingers and wish that your nice boss doesn't get kicked out. Nothing worse than a dishonest and selfish manager that only seeks his own benefit.
Advice: None
Pros: It really depends on which team you work in.

Cons: Unfortunately culture can be quite different between teams. So if you land in the wrong team with the wrong leaders, it can make your life hell....
Advice: Please find leaders who truly embrace Microsoft value and not just talk about it during Poll time.
Pros: Culture can be quite different between teams. If you land in the right team with supportive peers, you'll enjoy the work.

Cons: The main complaint I hear from people leaving Microsoft is that they want to make more money or get promoted. 

As I mentioned in the pros, turn over at MS is pretty low by design. But that does mean that compared to other places, the opportunity for promotion and big raises is smaller as well. Generally people either leave by year 2 or stay for 7 to 8 years at least. There's a lot of people who have been there for a very, very long time. 

Also, good work life balance and culture is the stated goal at Microsoft and most teams seem to follow it, but not every team is the same. 

There are a lot of different teams at MS and reorgs seem to be fairly common -- though it seems about the same as at any large company, not particularly bad here.

My team only just started doing sprints. For the previous year plus I've worked here, I've struggled without the framework of agile that I'd become used to at previous work places. It's getting better on my team, and I know that's super team dependent as well.
Advice: This is a great place to work, but only because I'm on a team with a good manager. Most managers seem to be good managers here.
Pros: I started at Microsoft a few months into the pandemic and from day 1 I've experienced management as compassionate and committed to taking care of people as people. 

Crunch has been rare on my team. 

I work on a service large enough that I'm only the on call engineer about once every 3 months. 

Perks+ benefits -- a yearly reimbursement amount of $1500 for health and wellness things. Personally I've used it to reimburse meal kits, a peloton subscription, pet insurance, and a massage envy membership. The list is really expansive. 

The average tenure at MS on my team is around 7 years. People stay a really long time because the philosophy is that they'd rather have you take a break than lose all the expertise you've  gained. Being such a large company, the code bases are large and the history is long on pretty much all the projects. The longer they keep you, the more valuable you become. More on that in the cons.

There's plenty of room to move internally when you're ready to do something different, and internal hiring is very common.

Specifically on coming out as transgender at Microsoft:
My wife and I pay zero dollars for our health insurance and have a copay of $20 for any doctor in the Kaiser system. The trans healthcare is especially affordable -- just $100 for any of the gender reassignment procedures. The wait lists are about 6 months for a transgender surgical consult, which isn't terribly short but it's certainly worse other places.  

There's an internal transgender community that has worldwide members. They've been an incredible support and place to belong. Changing my name and pronouns has been completely painless. A lot of my team is virtual and I've never been misgendered or dead named. I didn't even announce it beyond telling my manager and saying in my team chat "Hey I'm going by X now and updating my pronouns to y" and everyone just said great, congrats, and started using it.

Cons: stock bonus is a joke.
Advice: In such a big company like Microsoft, there are good managers and bad managers. you have to find the one that works well with you.
Pros: Work Life Balance is good.

Cons: This is not a tenured employer. So, when they decide to do cuts, it doesn't matter that you've been there 10 years and Joe from down the hall 3 months.... If your position is being eliminated you are out!
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits and work/life balance

Cons: It is a giant company. You may get to influence your immediate work group, but the company as a whole may make decisions you don't really agree with.
Advice: None
Pros: They really try and take care of you. Was recently terminated due to layoff of a 200+ person group. They gave a great severance package that will last us a long time (1 to 1.5 years).

Cons: Too ambiguous. "Grow your accounts" Okay. How? With what tools?
Unfulfilling. Job is very soft skills oriented so what you actually do can be tough to qualify.
Compensation. Has recently improved but still pales in comparison to complementary roles internally or similar roles externally.
Advice: None
Pros: Extremely flexible. You can live your life as fully as you could ever expect to as a full-time member of the work force.

Relatively low effort. The actual tasks are not difficult but you have to keep yourself on track with the communications and schedules

Cons: career growth is slow, unless you have a good sponsor
Advice: Improve upward mobility based on performance, boomerang employees get up-leveled far more easily and quickly than people who have been at the company for 5 plus years. Loyalty does not seem to pay here.
Pros: open, flexible work environment, no micro-management

Cons: Is the Corporate BusDev team a deal team or a strategy team? The LT seems to be indexing toward the latter, not the former latetly. Newer hires are increasingly ex-consultants who are great at powerpoint but don't know how to manage or negotiate a deal or partnership, yet BusDev management expects them to advise CVPs and CEOs. Small size of the group means limited career opportunities especially once you hit Director level.
Advice: None
Pros: Positive, supportive culture, great benefits, flexible work/life balance. Genuinely trying to be customer-first and innovative despite the challenges of being an enormous global company.

Cons: Not many opportunities outside of business administrator roles.
Advice: Please provide resources for business administrators to learn about other areas within the company.
Pros: Great benefits and pay is good for admin work. I had many opportunities to learn different skills.

Cons: Too much beauracracy and many execs and managers are useless.
Advice: Go back to being an IC, if you can't, get lost.
Pros: WL balance is great. Pay is sol8d. Company is solid

Cons: Compensation for tenured employees, too many levels, a few horrible senior leaders who don’t care about their team’s wellbeing - as reflected in reviews- but still get promoted
Advice: Replace toxic managers at all levels of the company. You can figure out who they are through Pulse survey results and EE churn
Pros: Great benefits, people management training, CEO vision

Cons: - NY offices until recently not spacious - Management can be micro-managing - Sometimes not good WLB
Advice: None
Pros: - Good wlb (highly dependent on the team and manager) - Good technologies to work with

Cons: - Slower career growth as compared to other big companies
Advice: None
Pros: - Good worklife balance. - Lot of different products being worked on, can easily do internal transfer.

Cons: Woke Shove their radical, left leaning, liberal agenda down your throat relentlessly.
Advice: Don't get lost in the MSFT philosophy. Always be customer centric and willing to explore new ideas.
Pros: Great pay Great benefits Great team members Solid Managers (like all places some are better than others). I have seen some less than desirable but never had a bad one. Some were the best managers I have ever had.

Cons: They will layoff with no warning or offer you a different role. Gettin promoted can take years even with experience.
Advice: Bring back people that where loyal hard working employees.
Pros: The community network experience and the open door and mental health benefits are the best.

Cons: Decent pay, but Black female employees still make a very small percentage from non-Black females, and even more difference in pay and quality of treatment when dealing with male peers.
Advice: Be the company you promote publicly. Be the inclusive, caring, empathetic place that all individuals are recognized and rewarded for Model, Coach, Care...
Pros: The company does a good job externally in saying the right things and making it appear as though they really care about inclusivity, diversity, supporting marginalized groups. Also has great benefits and decent pay.

Cons: Difficult to make final decisions on projects because of the vastness of the company and the need for so many to weigh in and sign off.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible scheduling, work from home friendly, knowledgeable and friendly team.

Cons: Work and life balance too many levels within the company so it is hard to find the right person or ppl work in solos Hard to move up.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible culture Great sr leadership vision Very sensitive to the world economy

Cons: our former ceo and founder bill gates may have been a major part of jeffy eppy's lil sex trafficking's cult
Advice: I would suggest that the next CEO not be a threat to children
Pros: great place to continue to advance your career and professional goals

Cons: Difficult to be promoted, unless you have a good mentoring and sponsor to lead you to the next level
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment, lots of challenges.

Cons: Compensation can sometimes lag behind competitors
Advice: Provide opportunities to learn about careers in other verticals
Pros: Great people and mission. Lots of opportunities for new college graduates

Cons: * Compensation is lower than many competitors
* The large nature of this company makes some aspects very slow and bureaucratic; but if you find the right product/team, you can get around some of those!
Advice: Invest more in compensation matching and stock refreshes.
Pros: * I could spend my whole career at Microsoft and never get bored; there are endless products &amp; challenges to work on
* I learn a ton every day, and I get to work with people from many different disciplines

Cons: * Some roles can be boring, until you can find your niche
* some mediocre managers, not malicious -- just not up with the times in terms of flexible schedule, WFH, etc
* Lower pay than FANG so you often wonder if it's worth jumping ship
Advice: Keep up the good work, keep standards high, keep supporting your people, raise total comp.
Pros: * Great Comp but just shy of FANG until you move up the ranks.
* Great work life balance
* Awesome variety in challenges, ability to swap around form Azure, Xbox, VR/AR, Windows, Office, etc. 
* Smart colleagues
* Pretty awesome managers, only 1 dud
* Tons of perks
* Reliable company that supports their products and has growth in every group

Cons: Payroll Instructions are not given directly. Figure things out for ourselves!
Advice: Keep up the good work! Becareful with the Visual Studio!
Pros: Infinite posiblities, I like what I Do! Complements or gives me alternatives to Android OS and Google Cloud.

Cons: HR needs a little work too much of a gap between staff and Human Resources
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great and over time is alwuas available for extra pay

Cons: - politics - People who do less work and great at talking get promoted over me.
Advice: None
Pros: - teammates - salary - flexiblity - challenging work that is innovative

Cons: None. But make sure you want to work hard to deliver results.
Advice: None
Pros: Highly flexible with location for work. Great work life balance. Very dynamic and collaborative culture. Excellent compensation.

Cons: Leadership is not great and there is not a lot of mentoring going Getting up to speed and learning the code base is awful Other than company onboarding, there is very little training and documentation for existing services. Oncall rotation is terrible.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay Flexible time off and hybrid work

Cons: Often asked to jump through hoops that have no customer benefit. Still has a number of mouse-movers who do little, but are good at faking it and creating work for others. Especially in corporate roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, expansive product coverage, great company strategy

Cons: The work is slowly getting stagnant and much of Azure code in different teams is now on maintenance mode. This means that you might be looking at spending 50 percent of the time reading up old code and fixing bugs there as compared to working on new features/extensions of existing services.
Advice: None
Pros: The work life balance has been good if you are not targeting promotions and good bonuses.

Cons: It can be a slower pace compared to other areas and a lot of collaboration to complete tasks.
Advice: None
Pros: Great impact and WLB while working at an employee centric company.

Cons: The company is massive, many competing initiatives and shuffling of people. Lower than average pay.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, but can vary team to team

Cons: D&amp;I and the use of pronounces is annoying and counterproductive.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, excellent benefits, nice campus in Redmond.

Cons: - The on-call rotation is too intense - Company-wide values are not always respected by each team (specifically meeting accessibility requirements, security, etc)
Advice: If employees need to go through a lot of training for accessibility and security, their concerns need to be addressed when it comes to these topics.
Pros: - Good salary - Good company-wide values - A lot of learning opportunities

Cons: Complex structure makes it hard to navigate the organization Objectives are not always set clearly
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation competitive with other big techs Challenging without burning you out Multiple career paths and internal hiring process

Cons: Salary is lower than at competitors Some teams are still very old-Microsoft and not a good environment, but this is much more the exception than the norm
Advice: None
Pros: Great work/life balance Coworkers really have company pride The company keeps getting better and better Leaders in sustainability Very encouraging of pursuing your dreams

Cons: -Not much room in terms of career development
-Product team can take forever to deliver new features
-Internal Sales leadership can micro-manage sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: -Great compensation and decent work-life balance
-Microsoft has some really interesting product areas and innovation in the right teams
-Overall, it feels like the company really cares about it's employees and making a positive difference in the community and on society

Cons: Mildly Political Corporate Climate - Difficult to Move Internally without Intensive Networking
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work Life Balance and People

Cons: Microsoft touts a diverse and inclusive community, but I found that it was not accurate. The executives may come from all different areas of the world, but they are all from similar educational backgrounds, which means it lacks diversity in "thought" and to push against that is very difficult, if you have been at Microsoft less than several years.  They recruit a lot of people to join the company, since they are losing people to the competition and better salaries, but people that have been at the company for more than 15 years, make it very difficult for new people with "ideas", so the politics are hard to navigate. There are people that are trying to bring innovation to the company, but most of them are frustrated and have given up trying to make any significant changes to the culture or innovation, until they can find a new gig. 

Since new people are not very much embraced by the people that have been there for a long time, progress is very very slow. Primarily, why Microsoft does well in the market, is because they have a good brand, due to the leadership of Satya, but that's the reason, not due to innovation.

Many long-time "Softies" lack expertise in their work subjects, so they utilize agencies for most of the strategy and execution. If you really want to participate in the innovation of product or strategy, then I would suggest working for one of their many consultant agencies.

People are on Microsoft Teams all day, every day. There's no respect for people's time and people are constantly late for meetings, since they are stuck on the previous meeting. Executives assume that all day meetings = work, which it doesn't. Work still has to be conducted, so people don't write or work , until the end of the day, when they can finally get off a Teams meeting.
Advice: If you really want to have diversity and inclusion at Microsoft, then modernize as the other tech companies have during the pandemic, and allow for different types of people of thought. Please look beyond hiring in Redmond for talent or forcing outside talent to relocate to Washington. Also, there are so many executives that have been at Microsoft for 25 years that hold back the innovation and don't allow for other's opinions, hire executives that you will respect their voices. It's good to listen  and stop suppressing new ideas.

Lastly, managers need to limit the amount of meetings they have in a day,  as well as , having all of their workers on the meeting, which many times are unnecessary. Staffs are afraid of not joining a meeting, since managers will penalize them. Managers need to trust their staffs and conduct less meetings to create efficiency.  Workers are burning out, since they are stuck on 7 - 10 Teams meetings per day. Having so many Teams meetings doesn't encourage a healthy work/life balance.
Pros: The health benefits and perks programs are great. Total compensation is comparative, but base salary is less than the other big Tech companies. For middle management salaries, it's a great place to be, but for executives, they are not as competitive as an AWS or Google.

Satya is great and truly is inspirational for trying to change the culture of the company.

Cons: Pay is less than expectation stock refresh is low
Advice: None
Pros: Hybrid work environment, WFH possibility good company culture No stack ranking

Cons: But parts of the company are still shrouded in archaic styles, and there needs to be more emphasis on teaching middle managers how to lead with care and dignity.
Advice: None
Pros: The overall culture of the company is undoubtedly industry leading, and the C-Suite execs lead with transparency, and make it clear their culture is of importance.

Great work life balance and focus on D+I

Cons: To a very large extend, management at all levels, with only exception C-level) do not practice the model with their employees.
Advice: Truly embrace growth mindset, empathy, integrity, honesty, caring and positive intelligence.
Pros: High level leadership established a model Lead by Example, Coach, Care

Cons: - the pay is quite low comparatively
- very poor stock refreshers mean staying long term isn't feasible 
- culture is very team and manager dependent
- re-orgs are common, meaning you can't count on your team culture staying the same
- pushes everyone to participate in diversity and inclusion initiatives but doesn't reward those who do
Advice: - recognize and reward D&amp;I work
- consider better stock refreshers
- the culture is good, but not good enough to justify the low pay
Pros: - culture of teamwork 
- prioritize growth over immediate success
- not a blame based culture

Cons: Compensation is on the lower end compared to other FAANG companies
Advice: None
Pros: - Pretty good work-life balance especially in you're in an org which has mature products like Office
- No Micro-managers. Nobody stressing you about when you start work. Managers care more-so about your ability to get your work done, so highly flexible in terms of work hours.
- If you work on weekends, or after-hours that's seen as a negative because the idea is that you didn't manage your time wisely during the work week
- Unlike some other tech companies who are prioritizing employees needing to come into the office several times a week, Microsoft strongly adopts the hybrid model of work. You can choose to work fully in the office, half, or fully remote. Up to you and the discretion of your manager/org

Cons: Stuck up managers, could use listening to new (er) perspsectives
Advice: Open up to other perspectives, just because this is the only company you have worked in for all of your career doesn't mean that your opinion is the only valid one.
Pros: Great people to work with.

Cons: Few cons to report, work intensity fluctuates as per typical
Advice: None
Pros: Respect for employee needs, holidays generally calm and time off respected

Cons: Microsoft is a large company, and there are definitely still pockets of management that do not subscribe to the new culture, preferring to micromanage and exert a top down pressure to conform

Also, being a large company, your progress in your career is somewhat slower
Advice: None
Pros: Overall the environment at Microsoft is conducive to work life balance, and facilitates authentic connection and collaboration with coworkers

Managers mostly actually care, and your feedback is respected

Cons: some people have bad hygiene.
Advice: fire John.
Pros: The community in Microsoft is one of the best I've ever experienced in a workplace to date.

Cons: If you're on a service team, the on-call rotations can be pretty long and bad. If you're driven to write well-tested code, and hold your teams to high standards, you likely won't have the dev hours allocated to do so.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is pretty good, and benefits are great.

Cons: So far so good working for MSF
Advice: None
Pros: Good job working as SM at MSFT

Cons: Microsoft has many reorgs where you will leave your team and be placed in another team.
You will have no ability to choose your new team and not even know until the day of the reorg which is your new team.
And switching teams is really hard, most times will require an entire interview loop.

Given the number of reorgs and the many random team reassignments it is very likely that if you stay long enough you will end in a bad team for you.

So, do you feel yourself lucky ?
Advice: When doing a reorg the affected people should have input into which new teams they end.
Pros: Good work life balance, assuming your manager agrees :)

Cons: not great at marketing hard to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits leadership product pay work life balance

Cons: Too many non-obligatory meetings. Coworkers are not compatible.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly. Rapport and trust easily built

Cons: People are so rude and it’s stressful to work there
Advice: The can’t that’s a bad system
Pros: Salary is good that’s why I like there

Cons: Learning needs to be done on personal time Tough to maintain work/life balance and still meet goals
Advice: None
Pros: Latest technology Very smart co-workers Self-directed learning

Cons: A little bit slow Cross org/team communication
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance Team work Great project Learning opportunity

Cons: Some people have High IQ and low EQ
Advice: None
Pros: Great Place to work smart people - Hi IQ

Cons: Lower comp compared to FAANGs
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, work life balance, and impactful projects.

Cons: Not much room to grow on a hardware development position. Promotions are very very limited. As a result, personal skills / upward management plays a bigger role in promotion, not technical skills or how much you have achieved
Advice: None
Pros: Great colleagues to work with, OK salary and benefits

Cons: Growth path is very bad; low pay compared to other big techs boring
Advice: None
Pros: Chill; nice peers and managers; WLB great

Cons: Will truly work you hard and long hours
Advice: Its all about the people in your organization
Pros: Benefits are great and reason I stayed two years

Cons: - not up to date on the latest front end technologies - poor work life balance - toxic pressure from upper management
Advice: None
Pros: - good advancement opportunities - supportive coworkers

Cons: a lot of after work and calls
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work ,good salary

Cons: Nothing specific that I know so far
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, exciting projects

Cons: Work from home is dependent on CVP
Advice: Allow people to work how they'd like - remote, in office or Hybrid. Try hiring internally and support career moves. That's why your best talent is leaving.
Pros: Pay and benefits are best in class

Cons: Microsoft culture is not good. No accountablity.
Advice: The company is too big to have an actual culture. Your experience at Microsoft is dependent upon 1 thing - your manager. So, pick your manager well.
Pros: Good stability, good salary hard to get fired

Cons: Regular upper management changes. It feels like they reorg every year.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance is awesome 1:1 donation matching up to $15K Good annual bonus

Cons: Lack of work life balance and difficult to get things done
Advice: Reduce churn and focus on world class experience
Pros: Great benefits and opportunity with awesome teams

Cons: Need constant update of skill
Advice: None
Pros: Positive outlook Huge area of growth

Cons: SLT lacks a cohesive vision for how to bring all of the products and services together to serve the customer
Advice: Customer is king. What have you one for the customer lately?
Pros: Vertically integrated company that has a lot to offer to its customers

Cons: - Your experience here is completely dependent on the team that you get placed on. They preach "growth mindset" at the VP level, and then by the team it trickles down to the individual contributors it is a toxic environment, "old school Microsoft culture". 
- Backstabbing and overworking is rewarded
- Often times 24 availability is required, but not listed as part of the job requirements
- Internal movement in impossible unless you are Senior level. You are ghosted even internally
Advice: Practice what you preach and stop rewarding VPs who overwork and pressure those they are responsible for.
Pros: + Good pay
+ Literally nothing else

Cons: Latest re-org was very upsetting on so many levels, does not feel like a lot of common sense was involved.
Advice: I do feel they are trying to “right the ship”. It’s just a little more painful than it probably had to be.
Pros: Everyone is very friendly &amp; helpful. Lots of proprietary tools to learn and a lot of work. But never boring if you are willing to seek out new opportunities!

Cons: no down sides just learning new things
Advice: None
Pros: the biggest reason is to communicate and problem solving and learning new things for the requirement of indusrtry

Cons: - too scared of google - not as up on conceptual stuff as you might think
Advice: None
Pros: - respect their employees - good comp

Cons: Pay could be better. Although the work schedule is stable.
Advice: None
Pros: Word from home although team structure could be better in an office setting..

Cons: No work or life balance.
Advice: Reduce some of the demands for mandatory training, workshops, and learning that are sent on a weekly basis.
Pros: World-class organization, brilliant co-workers, culture fosters collaboration through a three-tier annual performance lens; your accomplishments, contributions to others, and how others contributed to your success.

Cons: Leadership can be hit or miss, and my leaders were very poor. Didn't feel like I got a fair chance at a promotion after outstanding contributions.
Advice: Make the Microsoft Store actually feel like part of the company, and do a lot more to ensure that the workplace environment is healthy both physically and emotionally.
Pros: Great benefits, including tuition reimbursement, discounts, and even some free services.

Cons: lower compensation compared to other tech company
Advice: None
Pros: decent place for growth at early stage

Cons: Many previous benefits like work life balance are starting to disappear. This exacerbates the tension over low compensation. Further there is a growing concern over new hires coming in with little to no experience at higher pay than high performing employees due to the discrepancy in retention and acquisition team budgets.
Advice: I would recommend adjusting the retention to acquisition team budgets as managers often in good faith will tell high performing employees to leave and come back in order to obtain market level compensation. This likely is costing Microsoft a tremendous amount and appears that Microsoft has to pay a premium for returning employees when they could have paid marginally more initially to increase employee satisfaction and productivity.
Pros: Microsoft prides itself on its culture.

Cons: Less Learning Rewards not always related to performance
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life Balance Moderate Pay Average Leadership

Cons: HR policies can be tricky to navigate during role changes or moves. Salary can be significantly impacted.
Advice: Pay people based on there value not location
Pros: The culture is the best I have experienced, everyone gets the opportunity to come as there are.

Cons: This is a huge company so communication and collaboration is key.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing inclusive culture and very smart people impacting the world.

Cons: Low pay and it seems it will not get any better..
Advice: Increase the pay for senior band technical scientists by 20-35% to keep your top talent or FAANG would be happy/honored to keep poaching your top technical talents .. Not many great engineer/scientists would stay with Microsoft long term due to the aggressive offers top companies make to poach MSFT technical talents. CEO has done very small to address the lack of competitive total pay for senior (level 64 -66) scientists/engineers at MSFT.
Pros: good work life balance.
smart people.
stable IT company

Cons: - As in other consulting jobs, the need to fulfill with utilization metrics can become overwhelming.
- Working on demanding projects usually will require to work long hours, most of the times more than an 8-hour per day schedule.
- You will frequently need to invest your personal time for self study in order to stay relevant on your job.
Advice: None
Pros: - A great leader on Technology Industry.
- Opportunities to work on interesting and demanding projects.
- Opportunities to work with very bright, talented people and learn from them.
- Competitive salary and side perks.

Cons: there's no coz it is the best emp
Advice: None
Pros: Salary good job management processes ways of dev

Cons: Nothing that I am aware of
Advice: None
Pros: Best Place to work Best minds to work with Awesome culture

Cons: Hard to get into. Not many opportunities for foreigners
Advice: None
Pros: Good inclusion, ethics and pay.

Cons: Interpersonal culture in my department could get out of hand quickly. Sometimes felt like high school.
Advice: None
Pros: I felt extremely well supported by colleagues and leadership; many ways to move up in the company; many opportunities for growth. Great benefits.

Cons: gets repetitive and boring after long time
Advice: None
Pros: enjoyed it for some time

Cons: Sometimes can be toxic and competitive in an unhealthy way. Can be slow and bureaucratic.
Advice: Try to coach toxic employees - if you give them better training and coaching then they will not need to resort to backstabbing.
Pros: Great benefits and broad set of solutions

Cons: There are not really any that I could think of.
Advice: none
Pros: The company cares about you in the long run.

Cons: Microsoft's mission is to empower every person and company to achieve more but it often doesn't practice that in reality.

Employee growth is touted as a vitally important part of their corporate culture with various constructs and processes that seem to also encourage this. However, no matter the policies, procedures or training, my experience has been nothing but the opposite.

In my time, i've witnessed ableism towards colleagues that had disabilities and even myself once I developed a disability that I partially contribute to my experiences.

I've also heard stories of Racism and discrimination too.

Managers, teams etc were always talking in secret, sabotaging each others projects. Referring to each other negatively. Playing political games to get things done and generally making my life miserable.

Eventually, I started struggling in my position beyond the above issues. I developed anxiety, stress and depression. The heightened level of anxiety in everything at work lead to me dreading starting work.

The pandemic actually helped, at least I didn't have to be physically in the same location as the people who were causing the issues.

During this time, I developed stress caused epilepsy. Too much stress I get a seizure... yay

My manager never helped with these issues despite me asking. 
My skip level booked some meetings with me but always left early and said they'd re-schedule. They never did.
HR of course is a no-go, they're designed to protect the company and don't really care about you.

I felt I had nowhere to turn to, with my mental health declining and my sense of self worth flying out the window I had to leave.

I'm exceptionally disappointed

Call me Neurodiverse or whatever you want
Advice: Practice what you preach, weed out the people at your organization that play political games and treat their employees badly.
Pros: - Benefits - are amazing, they cater for everything non-work that you can think of
- Stability - No matter what you know you're working for Microsoft

Cons: Pay is low. Politics at higher level.
Advice: None
Pros: Decent WLB overall but some days could be very demanding. Good work in Azure core but comes with lot of operational responsibilities.

Cons: Upward mobility is tight. You need to make sure you come in where you want to be because it's hard to move up and jump levels once you're in the door.
Advice: None
Pros: It's the 2nd Most Valuable Company in the world...

Cons: upward mobility, corporate hierarchy, commute
Advice: None
Pros: good experience, good benefits, good vacation

Cons: There are so many side programs, labels, allyships, and everything else that it has become a drag on results and performance. Internal movement is hard as the internal hiring process is awful and slow.
Advice: Need to decide what the company engages on as a real issue - when every issue is a top priority issue, nothing really is, and it all becomes noise.
Pros: Strong benefits, opportunity to make a real difference in one of the world's largest cloud providers.

Cons: Lower base salary than average
Advice: None
Pros: Most coworkers are good to work with. Decent salary. Alright projects

Cons: Too big, too many layers
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, values and mission Great leadership Solid financials New Technology Diversity

Cons: - managers are incompetent. - underpay most big tech by 50%
Advice: Please quit because you guys are stupid and do nothing for a living.
Pros: - People here do nothing for a living. - managers hires people to sit around so they can get promoted.

Cons: If you’re not comfortable working in ambiguity then it can be tough. Senior management struggles to coordinate achievable goals.
Advice: None
Pros: I work in a group that is building a new product, so we don’t have the stress of maintaining an existing system. Tons of opportunity for growth. Engineering management is good

Cons: There's some legacy issues that still need to be resolved.
Advice: Continue to do the work that is being done to transform Microsoft!
Pros: Organized and experienced professionals lead the main functions.

Cons: Not a fan of the office politics. Work/life balance is nonexistent but this seems to vary by team.
Advice: Do a better job of compensating employees in proportion to impact.
Pros: Stable company with great benefits.

Cons: It can get boring at times
Advice: None
Pros: it's a well payed position

Cons: Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing Nothing
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture Pay Peer Tech Benefits Comp

Cons: Let's be real. No company is perfect. Work is work. But for sake of not being "everything is perfect,"

- It's a huge company. The endless abyss of information, acronyms, jargon, etc can be obnoxious. Onboarding can be comical. Where do I find xyz? What's actually important? What version of comparable documents is the "right" one? But that's easily combatted by asking someone who knows.

- Huge company means lots of "hurry up and wait." Let's be honest, that's frustrating. You're bound to encounter differing opinions and such. "Looks good, but ope, now there's feedback from another group, and now we need approval from xyz. Glad I stressed about this yesterday when it turns out it's gonna sit for another week.
Advice: None
Pros: Whether they genuinely care about their employees as humans or not, they at least do a darn good job of acting like they do. Microsoft is a rare company that understands "if you take care of your employees, they will take care of your company."

- I dare you to find a better 401k match. 50% on any contribution amount, up to the government's limit. AND it vests immediately. It's yours from day one. Literally $10,250 of free money on top of normal compensation.

- Healthcare is great. Tier 1 in the US for sure. Maybe there's a couple companies out there with better coverage. But Microsoft doesn't charge you for it. Literally zero dollars out of the employee's paycheck. There's a fee to add a spouse or domestic partner denying their own company's coverage, but that's fair. Also no added cost for dependents. That's amazing.

Parental leave. They match the WA State policy of 12 weeks (+ more for birth mothers). It's super easy to take advantage of, and it's available Day 1 of employment. It's unfortunate that this benefit feels "special" in the US, but I'm thankful for it.

- Base is competitive. But actually competitive. Not how bs companies say it as a way to compete with you for the lowest pay possible. They get it. They need and want to get quality people, and keep them at Microsoft.

- Any negative culture stigmas from a couple decades ago are gone. The culture now is relentlessly supportive and accommodating. Work life balance is preached. We're all adults here, trusting other adults to do their job, regardless of what hours they need to do it.

- Signing bonus + stock bonus + annual bonus. Work hard, get more. Beautiful.

I've historically cringed at people who spewed love for their company on Glassdoor. It always screamed "I'm and HR drone posting fake reviews to cover up all the bad ones." But here I am. Not an HR drone, a real human grateful to be in the Microsoft bubble. Believe it or not.

Cons: Limited growth opportunities where I worked.
Advice: Increase number of opportunities for growth
Pros: Great company, awesome perks where I worked.

Cons: None, i can say for now
Advice: Continue to invest in your employees
Pros: Everything you can think of

Cons: Not as woke as other companies locally but getting that way. Still, I have a very diverse team that I enjoy to work with. They have very different backgrounds and personalities. Only a few of them push "the agenda"....
Advice: None
Pros: Very open and supportive compared to years in the past. Focused on learning it all vs knowing it all.

Cons: It's a huge software company. It has its share of nonsense. Everyone there thinks they're the shiznit. It's fine I guess.
Advice: None
Pros: Not a terrible grind, the company donates to worthy causes, it definitely could be worse when it comes to huge software companies

Cons: Work life balance, no water fountains, phones are ugly
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, snacks, parties, networking, upward mobility

Cons: Low pay compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Chill and lots of down time

Cons: It was a tasking job.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Fun job to work for Microsoft

Cons: MS does not do a good job promoting from within. Once you're in the door, it is very difficult to get promoted to the next level. Often times people leave MS then return in order to get paid correctly.
Advice: Keep leading with empathy, it has proven fruitful.
Pros: Leadership allows you to define your work style and schedule, so long as you are on target to reach your goals. MS also provides great benefits and competitive pay.

Cons: Politics are a con for this firm
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is a pro for this firm

Cons: - disrespectful environment where bullying is tolerated - inclusion at MS means adding people to meeting, damaging what the word actually means in diversity and inclusion - stagnant pay, pushing good people to find something better
Advice: - ask the right questions to get to answer instead of relying on experience / principles - treat people respectfully and don’t tolerate bullying - pay people in line with market to retain them
Pros: - good vacation policy - good brand

Cons: Can be challenging coordinating work across multiple product teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work as a product manager

Cons: Sub-par compensation, pervasive internal politics, not a meritocracy (strong people skills a must), mediocre engineering
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent work-life balance and job safety, good selection of projects company-wide

Cons: The culture is not as advertised. Affinity bias is alive and well. Growth mindset is weaponized to label outsiders while excusing the behavior of the in-crowd.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation and benefits are generous.

Cons: can't think of any at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Managers growth mindset flexibility trust in employees

Cons: The salary is not satisfying.
Advice: None
Pros: An enjoyable Work-life balance environment.

Cons: Highly dependent on org/team, like any big company Wildly inconsistent PM role across the company Low compensation relative to other big tech companies Poor long term retention of top talent
Advice: None
Pros: Solid company mission Good benefits Opportunity to work on high impact products

Cons: Not as lean/fast-moving as a startup
Advice: Doing great, especially in the Identity Division!
Pros: Chill team, get to learn and work on interesting tasks that are meaningful

Cons: You do have to work long hours
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good benefits, and good culture.

Cons: Not a one! No reason to complain.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything. Seriously great place to work.

Cons: Had a problem with my manager, and I contacted HR and didn't do anything about it.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and benefits.

Cons: Pace can be kind of slow and microsoft lacks a unifying engineering philosophy.
Advice: Standardize engineering philosophy and communication. Similar to STAR method as a protocol for telling stories.
Pros: Wlb Learning opportunities Looks good on resume

Cons: Nothing bad to share here
Advice: None
Pros: All good here no complaints

Cons: Low salary ranges, promote working on site
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, learning environment

Cons: Big, slow, highly matrixed, excessive processes
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, amazing benefits, strong emphasis on D&amp;I

Cons: Speed of career progression can be challenging if not in the right role at the right time
Advice: None
Pros: Great overall culture. Great benefits.

Cons: Difficulty moving from retail to corporate
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, benefits, &amp; Pay

Cons: The Tech stack is narrow. Limited career opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance Good PTO Good benefits

Cons: It’s a big tech company so there are politics like every other big company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture. Great benefits as well.

Cons: Too much politics and white men culture
Advice: Promote younger diverse candidates
Pros: Excellent work - life balance and growth opportunities

Cons: Bland Stuck in their ways Focused on the appearance of work over the delivery of it
Advice: Be less stiff Shouldn't require full promotions to move up in pay for hard work
Pros: Generally job security Xbox has a fun culture and cool products

Cons: Hard to contribute with what I am passioned in since everything is already there so as a new career, it is easily feel I am super replaceable.
Advice: None
Pros: Good working environment and food

Cons: None identified yet for the moment
Advice: None
Pros: * Excellent top senior leadership that want to change the culture of the company

Cons: overall great company and team
Advice: None
Pros: great team and mgmt in recruiting and supporting great Hiring managers

Cons: Lots of politics, some teams manage folks out if they don’t like you, no one gives honest food back until connects are do
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, smart people, face paced in Azure org

Cons: Very large. Even if you're really good at what you do, your just another fish in a very large pond. Impact can be limited.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of amazing, smart people. Great benefits. Work-life balance.

Cons: Things can move slow depending on org
Advice: None
Pros: I like the culture here

Cons: Lots of changes and restructuring. Lower salary compared with other similar companies. Can be difficult to move within the company without strong sponsorship.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Executive leadership. Strong voice on current issues. Focus on culture. Lots of extra benefits, training &amp; development, discounts &amp; perks.

Cons: Too many hard work No time to stay with family anytime
Advice: None
Pros: Good cleaning Didn't get distracted Lovely

Cons: Job offered was to work out of NY, then during training found out was placed with an international team expected to fly out Sundays, return Thursdays. Sadly had to resign after not finding another role within the Org.
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the employee experience and training process.

Cons: Sometimes too quick to fill roles with outsiders.
Advice: Continue to invest in your people
Pros: Lots of opportunities to branch out, good benefits, future growth

Cons: Training is rarely formal and too many meetings which take away from time with customers.
Advice: continue to lead the way
Pros: Great organization, CEO, leading technology company.

Cons: There is currently a huge effort and higher compensation for external talent joining the company. Leadership roles are more likely to be filled with external hires.
Advice: Value the employees that are currently in the company and reward them accordingly.
Pros: Mission of enabling every person and organization on the planet to do more is inspiring. For the most part, employees are excellent.

Cons: Toxic culture persists from Balmer era, "golden boys" are rewarded in spite of bad behavior, product silos are at war, outdated mindset, "somebody else will make it usable"
Advice: Conflict aversion doesn't solve the real problems the company is facing. You have to get rid of bad actors and remove cross company barriers or you'll never move forward.

Empowering every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more cannot be accomplished with a stubborn insistence that the primary market is office workers and professional developers - especially after funding OpenAI.
Pros: Brilliant people, great benefits, lots of support for neural diversity, lots of networking/mentoring initiatives

Cons: Low base comp, career is practically impossible
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, awesome company, great benefits

Cons: Na can’t really think of anything
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Good people to work with

Cons: Lower pay than other big tech
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for Great Culture

Cons: bureaucracy too many re orgs
Advice: fewer re orgs
Pros: decent salary good benefits interesting projects if you can find them

Cons: Very large company, hard to see "forest through trees"; Part of an acquisition, so far unclear of future of our business unit
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee-centric, excellent benefits, wellness "perks", flexibility, comradery

Cons: Long term work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Satisfaction of creating great products

Cons: nothing comes to my mind
Advice: None
Pros: good, nice company good office

Cons: High stress and poor work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and great culture

Cons: - Slightly light compensation package. - Hard career progression.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Benefits - Great team with a nice product.

Cons: - Job responsibilities seem to change every year
- CSA has no defined set role, experience entirely depends on your team/account
- Low RSU packages vs PM/SWE offers
Advice: None
Pros: - For my account team and customer, it was pretty good WLB but YMMV
- Free Azure certifications to obtain and you get 3 tries per cert
- Bonus is generally 30% and is pretty easily obtainable as CSA aren't on individual quotas

Cons: Bureaucratic, Large Company. hard word
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work Atmosphere, Benefits, People, Company

Cons: sometime hard days, bad management
Advice: None
Pros: Balance time, good training, good salary

Cons: - the Peter Principle is strong
Advice: None
Pros: - WLB - Lots of opportunities

Cons: See above - still top tier tech company globally but on the lower end compared to some of the companies out of Silicon Valley.
Advice: None
Pros: Lower pressure and great starter company coming out of college. However still very large and my experience is that smaller companies talent, execution, and velocity is still &gt;&gt;&gt; Microsoft. Microsoft has size.

Cons: Limited options for food in the cafeteria(s) around the main campus in Redmond. Some stations were closed during Covid period and never reopened.
Advice: None
Pros: - smart people - great benefits

Cons: Nothing to say for now
Advice: None
Pros: All good so far. Good learning

Cons: Bad pay No leadership at all
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive managers are pretty great

Cons: Beurcratic, the way home and beat
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, and I have a feeling

Cons: - None I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: - Good workload - Good Salary

Cons: None I can really think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits for the company

Cons: WLB can be more intense in Azure
Advice: None
Pros: Chill manager, nice office, flexible

Cons: Hiring process is slow and cumbersome.
Advice: Improve the hiring process including the recruiting team and background check team.
Pros: Company culture puts the employee first. Excellent compensation and low cost benefits. Nice work and life balance. A great place to work.

Cons: Sometimes work can be boring Too much management and stakeholders -- would like more swift decision making
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Cool CEO Great internal mobility and supportive managers

Cons: Stratified teams and working on on-call rotations
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities to work within Azure

Cons: In my short time year thus far, I have no complaints
Advice: None
Pros: Microsoft offers competitive compensation packages and great work life balance

Cons: Too much extracurricular politics Too much middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Plenty of opportunity for impact autonomy Excellent investment and encouragement of career advancement

Cons: people hanging up all the time
Advice: just rememberthat this isa trying time in the world and not everybody wants to hear us talk
Pros: inform current votersof new lawsin voting datesnew bills that are being passed

Cons: Lower base salary than competitors
Advice: Allow long time employees the option to take a severance package instead of layoff
Pros: Benefits Products Team Stock Medical

Cons: No free food and gym
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of GPUs and experts in DL

Cons: Nothing bad. it's an awesome place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Best work life balance and perks

Cons: Politics. Some mid level management is very political and does not have a backbone. They sacrify what is best for the company and shareholders, for their own personal benefit. Wont push back to senior leaders and are very complacent. Also there are some managers that will use your work and present it as their work. The review and bonus structure is highly subjective and unfair.
Advice: Vet you managers better, left the company twice as I got stuck with bad managers who were only put in those positions for promotion and not for their leadership. Very subjective when it comes to reviews. A culture should be on results, should he objective and rewards should not be based on who is on your " country club"
Pros: Benefits, pay, some work life balance. Ability to work remote.

Cons: Need more downstream sales focus
Advice: None
Pros: Great management team, strong sales operations teams. Great benefits, strong work life balance.

Cons: Working with team overseas can have an impact in WLB
Advice: None
Pros: Really enjoyed all the benefits like getting a $1000 stipend every year to pay for GYM membership or other work out related activities

Cons: Unfortunately current economic times means more work for those that are on small teams - Difficult work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Engaging projects, great people, focus

Cons: hard to move up (level system)
Advice: None
Pros: benefits pay work and life balance

Cons: Work life balance Processes and tools
Advice: None
Pros: Strong culture Customer obsession Impact

Cons: nons so far i didnt notice
Advice: None
Pros: all benefeits are great even the bad ones

Cons: Very big company — there can be lots of bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Nice community

Cons: Sometimes work life balance isn't a thing
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits are pretty good, my coworkers are amazing. You have the chance to learn so much

Cons: Forecasting daily, office politics, favoritism, no one could pass all the certifications. Stood up SMC in Dallas. Management turnover.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay 5 years ago. Good culture and people. Fun.

Cons: Underpaid in comparison to other major tech companies
Advice: Major changes could benefit from having ICs involved to maximize roll out efficiency.
Pros: Diversity and inclusion Work life balance

Cons: I can't come up with 1 con.
Advice: Continue doing exactly what you are doing by taking care of employees and we will take care of the customers.
Pros: No cost health benefits and generous compensation. People that love what they do and are fun to work with.

Cons: Hard to reach goals. not sure about the roadmap.
Advice: None
Pros: -&gt; will work on cutting edge technologies and latest protocols decent work life balance.

Cons: Lower than other companies pay
Advice: None
Pros: Good company and benefits here

Cons: lower pay and weak management
Advice: None
Pros: rest and vest good resume builder

Cons: &gt; Lower salary as compared to peers in the tech industry
&gt; Carrer growth is slow 
&gt; Risk of stagnation and doing a job that is lower than expected. Too many people with a high number of years in experience.
Advice: None
Pros: &gt;Management policies emphasize employee mental health and workload management. Low toxic environment as compared to companies such as Amazon/Netflix.
&gt; Teamwork is appreciated and accounted for during promotion cycle conversations

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good choices of drink in the office

Cons: Don't get paid enough here.
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is great and the benefits are amazing.

Cons: Work life balance can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Learning culture Fantastic teammates Good benefits Lots of professional growth opportunities

Cons: work with a lot of different people
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, pick own schedule to an extent

Cons: Sometimes difficult to get promoted, due to various team pockets (of resources/value) and due to reorgs.
Advice: Smarter emphasis on promotions, looking through frequent reorgs and other organizational limitations.
Pros: Great compensation, benefits, life balance, drinks, locations (WA east side), and tuition reimbursement. Strong emphasis on autonomy, inclusion, collaboration, life balance, and philanthropy.

Cons: I don't have any cons
Advice: Keep listening and being proactive. It's noticed.
Pros: the people. the mission. the benefits.

Cons: Work-life balance, managers too empowered
Advice: The company is unmistakably amazing, it has outstanding values, great benefits, and an overall culture that makes you feel part of the family, you learn all the time and it has an amazing diversity and inclusion spirit. Work-life balance isn't so great, and you can end up working sunrise to sunset to meet objectives, and your results are only reviewed by your manager. Great managers give you the best experience of your life; not-so-great managers make life unbearable.
Pros: Benefits, growth, pay, stability, communication, flexibility

Cons: - Salary is not market-based
- Some of the coworkers and teammates are underqualified
Advice: Maybe required some engineer assessment to ensure that we're delivering the products at normal quality
Pros: + Moves you to North America to work in the HQ in Redmond
+ Highly family-friendly
+ Work/life balance
+ Very good social packages/benefits

Cons: If you're below a certain job level (e.g., L65), Microsoft is really cheap on your total compensation compared to other big technology companies like Meta, Alphabet, or Amazon. People have been leaving in droves during the great resignation to go to competitors that have been paying more, and Microsoft is now realizing it needs to do something to stop the bleeding of early and mid-career to competitors and startups. 

Despite knowing employees are unhappy with compensation in this high inflation &amp; high gas cost environment, the company leadership isn't doing anything transformational that makes Microsoft the leader when it comes to compensation. The company is doing across the board salary cuts between 10% and 15% for employees in certain states like Texas, Florida, and Georgia (no exceptions), and this is in no way beneficial to the employees in these states as they try to grow their presence and recruit people there.

Microsoft is also a "rest and vest" culture where there have been people who have stayed at the company for 20+ years and don't have to do much work. If you're looking for a place to increase your career trajectory velocity, definitely look somewhere else. Career progression is super slow at the company. If you've got an advanced degree, Microsoft won't compensate you extra for that either. Think more than twice before opting to take a job at Microsoft - especially if you're a new grad.
Advice: Stop being cheap and actually be competitive with your total compensation and benefits. Other big tech peers (and even startups) are steamrolling you in this category while senior leadership continues to tell people "think about the work-life balance that you get". It is frustrating and makes people feel not valued at all. I know you're thinking about keeping the SG&amp;A line item on the balance sheet minimal and trying to maximize net operating income by keeping salaries cheap, but it is a terrible long term strategy for attracting and retaining good people. Also, if you're going to cut salaries of people in different states without telling them (after they have moved there during the pandemic), at least come forward with explaining why you think their new lower salary is good and attractive for them. I know you wouldn't do that, but some explanation is better than no explanation.
Pros: I really like the benefits that are offered by Microsoft - they actually do a good job here. That is the only reason I gave 2 stars to the ratings for "Compensation and Benefits" - the benefits lift it up. Otherwise, it would be a one-star rating for that category.

Cons: Some seasons can get very busy
Advice: None
Pros: The culture is VERY good

Cons: Can be slow at times and bureaucratic.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, and culture. Solid job security.

Cons: Much greater swings in staffing/employment situation for software engineers
Advice: Enjoy the frequent updates from leadership
Pros: Good pay, great benefits, hybrid working options

Cons: High level of politics on the upper levels
Advice: None
Pros: Huge campus with lots of things to do Lots of teams to learn and stroke your passion

Cons: Cash compensation is a little below market offering
Advice: If you want to retain the best talent, make sure there's vertical promotion for IC's in each business unit.
Pros: Growing business unit
Great people
Tools built for the role
Amazing benefits for family

Cons: Some of the tools we are required to use cause roadblocks, but I understand that they are important to ensure privacy.
Advice: None
Pros: Feel proud to work for a company that is so invested in D&amp;I and sustainability. And they added travel expenses to our health plan for states that don't give women freedom over their bodies. 90% of people I work with are bright, responsive, truly care about the customer. And all but one of my managers have been excellent.

Cons: i can't think of one
Advice: None
Pros: great team, very nice salary

Cons: None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, Great company, Great company.

Cons: A lot of hours necessary
Advice: Be more comprehensive
Pros: Salary is good, primes also

Cons: Lots of re orgs, so lots of change.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits for its employees.

Cons: Don't like the Pacific Northwest.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and good management.

Cons: Undue friction between and among teams.
Advice: Employees do better when supported, guided kindly.
Pros: Very intelligent colleagues and clients.

Cons: Can’t think of any, love working here
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Great people Flexible workplace Competitive salary

Cons: Work-life balance can be skewed at times
Advice: None
Pros: care about their employees competitive pay and benefits top notch technology

Cons: Pay is not industry leading
Advice: Pay engineers more please
Pros: very good work life balance, good benefits

Cons: - extremely low wages. $65k and under is starting for DC technicians
- 0.25 cent and under yearly raises
- Male dominant, very competitive
- Management does not encourage or promote higher education for job growth. In fact, they despise it. 
- No room for promotions. 
- coworkers are encouraged to tell on one another. 
- management expresses favoritism amongst employees. employees are not equal
- 12 hour days. no flexibility on scheduling.
- required to wear extremely uncomfortable PPE for the duration of your whole shift.
Advice: stand by your companies policies. don't discriminate against men and women.  be more flexible with your scheduling for employees that need it (single mothers, single fathers, employees going back to school, etc...) encourage a healthy and happy work dynamic between employees. stop favoritisim.
Pros: Benefits: 
- Sick pay
- Vacation pay
- HSA contributions
- Dental
- Health and fitness yearly stipends

Cons: You have to work for a giant corporation and be ok with potentially not giving a f about what you’re helping develop while having to pretend like it’s the biggest deal in the world
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and benefits, good management and friendly coworkers

Cons: Love working for this company
Advice: None
Pros: Great company culture at Microsoft

Cons: Cambridge can be difficult to get to.
Advice: None
Pros: Cambridge office is a great location, awesome coworkers.

Cons: There are boring teams but you can change teams
Advice: Give more bonuses or ways to earn more
Pros: Easy pace Growth opportunity Depends on team there are bad teams but there are transfers

Cons: - Big company so sometimes things move slow
Advice: None
Pros: - Great WLB - Lot of flexibility to move to different teams

Cons: I really don't know about that
Advice: None
Pros: More advantage to get more facilities

Cons: nothing as of now yet
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is great

Cons: Wage is not so competitive with Facebook, Amazon, and Google
Advice: Since MSFT have such a high-profit rate, it is time to increase the salary.
Pros: Friendly coworkers and managers Great work-life balance

Cons: low pay, but alreay good, no layoff
Advice: None
Pros: people are nice, good work-life balance

Cons: They don’t pay as much you think
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working environment. I like it

Cons: On rare occasions, work-life balance is not balanced
Advice: None
Pros: Career Opportunities and Good Cultural Values

Cons: No return offer provide in research internship position
Advice: None
Pros: Good Team Good Offer Leading the project as an intern

Cons: - Team culture may vary
Advice: None
Pros: - Great culture - Relatively good compensation - Free, unlimited drinks - Great location (Redmond)

Cons: Difficult to get promotion. My org prioritize hiring new than promoting internal employees
There are middle managers who are just cruising and difficult to learn from them. If you are early in career, you should seek good management (Microsoft has large discrepancies between good and apathetic management)
Advice: Check performance of middle management
Pros: Great culture that supports individual passion, interest. People are kind, supportive. Amazing perks and competitive salary

Cons: equity bonus are allocated over 4 years after your given year's performance. Maybe could change to be allocated directly in the performance year like some of the other teach companies
Advice: None
Pros: leadership truly cares about employees

Cons: Bad food like bad pizza
Advice: None
Pros: Pros great work out room on god

Cons: low salary, slow progress and
Advice: None
Pros: people friendly and very open culture, value people more

Cons: Pay is lower than competitive companies
Advice: None
Pros: You can direct your work and project given you are driven

Cons: Competitive salaries in other companies compared to Microsoft. but the perks are very good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, work culture, career growth opportunities, etc.

Cons: People don’t know how good it is
Advice: None
Pros: Cool company that doesn’t mess around with your job and money like meta does

Cons: None. There is really nothing I can complain about.
Advice: None
Pros: Fully remote with a very flexible schedule. Excellent benefits. Company culture and support of management.

Cons: Hard Location is very expensive
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home Fun Collaborative

Cons: it is not very good tc
Advice: None
Pros: it is very good for wlb

Cons: Too much work , stakes too high
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and salary, and very good

Cons: n/a no cons i think for now.
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance. perfect for new grad.

Cons: Low salary for comparable position
Advice: None
Pros: Low bar to entry at lower levels, high freedom to work as one wants.

Cons: *Work pace quite high - constant tasks, emails, pings on MS Teams. Pretty much 24/7 because of global team. Leads to overwhelm and burnout.
Advice: None
Pros: *Benefits very good - no health insurance premiums, compensation pretty good, managers are generally very flexible

Cons: Overly hostile and political environment, esp in India region.
Advice: "Diversity" is being overly abused in Microsoft India. It is wrongly interpreted as "all-women organization" in many cases. Efforts are made to eliminate male candidates during interviews on "diversity" reasons. Even some male employees are made to leave the organization to be replaced by female employees again on "diversity" reasons. Hence "Diversity" is very feministically interpreted and implemented.

I hope top leaders of Microsoft see this post and do something significant about this. Please note, diversity does not mean "keep all ladies around". It is totally different.
Pros: Technology Leader, Strong Processes, High Learning Opportunities

Cons: Management of Mixed Reality division is clueless. Doesn't care that everyone is jumping ship to other companies. Thinks it is just regular "turnover". WTF??!! With literally dozens upon dozens that have left?
Now we know why, since the 'golden boy' has been found caught in compromising situations. (Of course he is still there for a while!)
Glad I am out!! It was one of the worst groups ever!
Advice: LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE!!
Pros: Company culture is good
Good benefits

Cons: nothing at the current moment
Advice: None
Pros: love it and cant complain

Cons: Not much cons to talk about
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice to work there

Cons: Work life balance could use more work
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and pay are all good

Cons: Been at MS many years, hope to be there many more!
Advice: Keep the course!
Pros: I appreciate our senior leadership and the direction and mission the company is striving for. Benefits are amazing!

Cons: They can do better at benefits and compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is great, Organized process, very helpful leaders

Cons: Compensation not as competitive as I would like
Advice: None
Pros: Good mobility, good work life balance, slow pace of work

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: technology sector is really good

Cons: Open ended work Low compensation compared to market
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance Relevant work

Cons: No cons, loved working here!
Advice: None
Pros: Microsoft is an awesome place to work!

Cons: nothing that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, good work

Cons: Nothing just really enjoying it (so much)!!
Advice: None
Pros: Team culture, benefits are great, supportive overall

Cons: Still a very heavy Puget Sound based leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and work life balance and opportunities to grow.

Cons: -Not as competitive as FAANG companies -Broken and inefficient internal tools and processes -Too big to make an actual impact
Advice: Centralize Internal tools. Make it easy
Pros: -Competitive Salary -Best in class benefits(Medical,401K,HSA) -Lots of opportunities to move around

Cons: sometimes stresfful but still ok
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work i enjoyed

Cons: Little bit culty and poor management
Advice: None
Pros: Really good benefits and healthcare

Cons: No cons that I can think
Advice: None
Pros: A great comp to work

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: Lead by example as always
Pros: Positive Work culture Many opportunities to grow

Cons: People can be very intense and the job can be stressful.
Advice: None
Pros: At Microsoft you get to work with the best and brightest. Microsoft is one of the most ethical companies, and you can do the right thing for your customer.

Cons: Start of career here can be very intimidating. So much to learn. Networking helps alleviate this stress.
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: Unlimited career and learning opportunities. Great benefit package. Culture is very inclusive.

Cons: Need better food options in the pantry.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive management. Amazing and flexible work culture.

Cons: Need a strong set of clients that appeal to you.
Advice: None
Pros: Fast Paced, constantly learning and need to be an independent problem solver

Cons: some orgs/teams are not great, it's kind of a roll of the dice
very business oriented, any customer obsession talk just means we optimize for profits
lots of people here lack passion, which is just as contagious as being around passionate people
Advice: None
Pros: Stable
lots of opportunities within the company
can find places to coast or make impact, whatever you choose

Cons: Lots of legacy technology products. Engineering teams get stuck with SRE
Advice: Fix the SRE process. Having engineering on call on weekends and at night is burnout inducing
Pros: Great Senior management with commitment to diversity

Cons: Feels too big sometimes, very team dependent for experience
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, plenty of mentorships, internal mobility

Cons: very large organization. hard to really get noticed
Advice: continue with the culture they have built on
Pros: great logo and culture and happy to have worked here

Cons: It's a large company so there can be a lot of overhead with business processes, but it isn't overbearing.
Advice: Keep respecting your employees and I'll stick with you for a *long* time.
Pros: The AI team I am on has an amazing work-life balance. They are always inviting people to take time off or to feel free to leave a little early for this or that.
I get paid quite well, I think. Others don't always agree.
Benefits are awesome! I can afford "free" medical insurance and a 50% 401k match up to the legal limit.

Cons: Strict Policies Very nice people Around
Advice: None
Pros: Best environments Team work and Salary

Cons: Some products aren't given the same attention as others both from a marketing standpoint and emphasis in comp plans.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits. Company cares about some of the same things I do.

Cons: You could get lost in the “big company” if you’re working rote but stay active with colleagues and internal teams!
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, amazing leadership, and plenty of benefits! There’s a lot of resources on hand for personal and career support. Culture and diversity is amazing as well!

Cons: In cybersecurity, especially Incident Response, the work life balance is pathetic. I regularly worked 12-15 hours a day during the week, *only* 8-10 on weekends. Pay is low for the amount of work, stress.
Advice: Staff to demand and value your employees at least as much as you do customers.
Pros: Excellent benefits, especially during Covid, working with incredibly smart people. There is limited hierarchy, I.e., seniority or position doesn’t influence how you interact with coworkers.

Cons: could pay better or do stock refreshers
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance and diversity of tech to work on

Cons: A lot of processes and red tape Projects move slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance Great people to work with Understanding management

Cons: Bureaucracy, sometimes professed values don’t map to actions
Advice: Be more transparent, expect more from managers,
Pros: Good values, stable, decent comp, good viworkers

Cons: * Bring your full self to work only if you tote the company line on cultural and political issues.
Advice: Stop making statements on every cultural and political issue and get back to the core mission of the company.
Pros: * Sign On Bonus &amp; Stock Award
* Interesting Customer Projects
* Focus on Employee Learning, Skilling &amp; Training

Cons: Boss threaten me and groped my co-worker. HR kept switching investigators when this was reported. Ultimately decided to blame me for either, as if I told my creepy manager to grope my co-worker.
Advice: None
Pros: Nothing to add here thanks.

Cons: Things can move pretty slowly sometimes, and you can be blocked by other teams often.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits. Good work-life balance. A lot of opportunities within the company as there are so many different teams.

Cons: High volume turn around Bad leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay Benefits good Good coworkers

Cons: Sometimes disorganized. Loads of pressure.
Advice: n/a
Pros: Work life balance. Benefits. Pay.

Cons: Poor compensation, bad pay, lousy bonus
Advice: Better compensation / career progression
Pros: Good culture, good work life balance

Cons: Other teams don’t work as hard as your team when it comes to collaborating which sucks at times
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, the teamwork , money, PTO

Cons: I have nothing bad to say about the workplace
Advice: None
Pros: It was the best internship experience I could’ve asked for

Cons: - Managers and old-timers know and favor each other - hard to grow in career
- Lot of "lifers" sticking out in the company doing nothing
Advice: Make MS-Poll shorter
Make it more random and frequent than once a year predicted
Send it out to different people so managers are not "prepping" the employees to get good feedbacks.
Pros: - Excellent benefit, healthcare, 401k match
- Learning opportunities unlimited
- Industry recognition

Cons: Amount of hours working thhere
Advice: None
Pros: Good for working there us

Cons: *Product group is sometimes disconnected *Some folks have a rather institutionalized mindset
Advice: None
Pros: *Great culture *Lots of great folks to learn from *Opportunity to create your own success story

Cons: Microsoft is a big ship and big ships are hard to steer. Your experience will vary on what team you are on and each team can have its own culture at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Salary, work-life balance, benefits, RSU's, Microsoft discounts, wellbeing program $1,500 a year!

Cons: compensation is lower compared to other firms.
Advice: None
Pros: good flexibility, benefits, work-life balance, culture.

Cons: None for me. It was great
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best places to work for

Cons: Might not be ideal for ppl looking for extremely fast paced environments.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has the best work life balance , wonderful colleagues and helpful manager

Cons: Least amount of women as compared to others.
Advice: Instead, top results display quality content that users of Folkd have bookmarked.
Pros: Microsoft environment is healthy af.

Cons: The agile environment could get you stuck for a little bit
Advice: None
Pros: They truly care about your career and love to see you grow

Cons: HR will game your compensation based on your location, rather than the work/job you do
Lots of irrelevant corporate training every quarter
Advice: Don't "dare" your employees to leave by forcing them to get offers from other companies. Recognize their good work with compensation and keep pace with competitors.
Pros: Great work/life balance (varies from team to team)
Excellent support for remote work
Good opportunities for growth in entry-level and mid-level positions

Cons: Hard to say, it's a huge company so it almost feels like many different companies within one. So something that was true for me might not be true for other teams. It's an ocean.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team culture, Highly approve of CEO and leadership.

Cons: There are no downsides at Microsoft
Advice: None
Pros: I love the Microsoft community

Cons: I don't like windows OS
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, nice environment, good people

Cons: Not a lot of cons
Advice: None
Pros: Teams are good Many products to work on

Cons: company progresses at a very slow pace
Advice: None
Pros: good work life and balance

Cons: None that come to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Open mind and growth mindset culture

Cons: Nothing bad afaik. All is well
Advice: None
Pros: Lot of learnings. Got opportunity to build TB's from scratch

Cons: Lack of clarity sometimes at senior leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to learn from the best and grow.

Cons: Your mileage may vary, it’s a huge company with many teams.  But you can move within to other teams if the one you’re in doesn’t work out.
Advice: None
Pros: Company cares about employees and their families, good work-life balance (mostly), good people and company culture. It really turned around under Satya.

Cons: Budgets limit career growth with little flexibility. Sometimes hiring under-level and compensates people. If that happens only way to get it fixed is through leaving the company.
Advice: Have reviews of employees in their first couple of years to see if their hire level is appropriate and have budget to fix it if needed.
Pros: Compensation, benefits, work-life balance, transparency

Cons: This is not applicable at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: Help with my growth in my career.

Cons: Management can be micro managers sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good worklife balance, and good goals.

Cons: A little slow and bureaucratic if you're ambitious
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of good smart people, though underpaid

Cons: Woke Culture is awful. Managers have a lot of power and politics rule over your advancement. They also don't let you reach a leadership position if you are not a minority without a ton of paperwork and them finding and interviewing a minority. Pay is lower than other tech companies, and wlb is not there, I consistently work overtime.
Advice: Increase compensation by meaningful levels.
Pros: The food is nice, and you can play soccer. The company has a huge portfolio of products and is well diversified with many different areas to work on. I'd say it's a great resume builder.

Cons: I didn't have the best manager and should have switched teams earlier on. Having a good manager that helps you grow and looks out for you is important. Compensation may not be comparable to the industry, but work life balance is pretty solid.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, a lot of networking opportunities, many different teams and orgs to be a part of depending on what you're looking to work on.

Cons: sometimes slow but okay most of time
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay and and chill out

Cons: Hope company provide more resources for related work
Advice: A couple manager's feedback was not fair
Pros: Great company, team culture and positive working environment

Cons: slow salary progression, still examples of gender inequalities with salary
Advice: None
Pros: Values and Culture are real, talented people, good work life balance

Cons: Highly matrixed, lots of reorganizations
Advice: None
Pros: WLB, benefits and interesting work

Cons: Zero work life balance. Working 75 hours a week is common if not expected
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and excellent benefits

Cons: - tech stack is very Microsoft focused i.e, we use a lot of in house tools
Advice: Don’t micromanage, pay higher to retain more employees
Pros: - work life balance
- engineering maturity 
- healthy work culture

Cons: You must fit in by finding your right gang. Mentally you will be bullied if you don't fit in.
Advice: By transparent
Pros: Good Pay and Good Size Office

Cons: No cons at all that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Love the culture! They promote advancement and promotions, and really care about their employees and their growth.

Cons: Pay is lower than other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, work life balance, excellent benefits

Cons: pay is low, career growth
Advice: None
Pros: wlb is good, projects are good

Cons: Process creates a lot of unnecessary overhead.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule and optio to work remotely.

Cons: Microsoft still has some passive-aggressive and borderline racist employees from old management who are now managers leading teams with careless attitudes. Microsoft is pushing them out but it's a slow race. Especially in Demand Response or Sales world
Advice: Listen to your employees
Pros: The benefits are phenomenal, and accessibility and fun morale events

Cons: Stagnant depending on the team
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: Not so good pay Some teams are less agile
Advice: None
Pros: Great WLB and benefits Lots of team varieties if you get bored Great CEO

Cons: You don't learn as much
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: Low pay unclear job description
Advice: None
Pros: Good ceo and insurance policy

Cons: Silo-ed work, everyone does their own project / work - not so much a collaborative team effort for main 1 project.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and benefits overall

Cons: As in most tech giants, diversity is not the best; Would love to see more black people hired for technical roles and more black people in leadership roles.
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary and benefits; fun and interesting technologies to build; great work/life balance; the opportunity to work with smart and creative people; it's Microsoft so the name sort of speaks for itself; Also the CEO Satya is an amazing leader and forward thinker.

Cons: I don’t like the computer
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, nice boss, nice place

Cons: It is hard to manage accountability to catch up the schedule.
Advice: None
Pros: yes, people can get good work life balance in Microsoft.

Cons: Can be really political and things can become delayed due to politics
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, Inclusive and great annual cash bonuses

Cons: Very poorly documented Microsoft stack. Lack of good architecture. Legacy code .
Advice: None
Pros: Big company Lots of areas to improve.

Cons: Work long hours and sometimes forced overtime.
Advice: monthly reviews rather than yearly
Pros: Work you hard but good pay

Cons: little less bonus growth hindranve
Advice: give good bonus for hard working ppl
Pros: good culture good manager and people

Cons: It is a huge company with lots of inefficiency
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of career options and pathways

Cons: Pay levels are still not close to the other big players in the cloud computing space - many times by a large margin.
Advice: Bring equity to Microsoft salaries as compared to other industry leaders, before more outstanding talent leaves for "better options". This would keep Microsoft at the top of the list of any place to work, period.
Pros: Microsoft's culture is second to none, and has gotten even better since Satya took the helm several years ago. It's one of the few places that you really can pick your career path from a very broad selection of technical, non-tech, scientific, research, and other skills.

Cons: If you get on the wrong team you can get a bit stuck
Advice: None
Pros: If you get on the right team you can work on really interesting things and have great work life balance

Cons: It is a large, matrixed organization and at times things do not move as quickly as you would hope.
Advice: Create a more connected culture in the hybrid environment.  Keep the lines of communication open and transparent.
Pros: A lot of different career opportunities.  The people are energetic and passionate.  Feel challenged every day

Cons: fast-paced work environment
not a lot of room for exploration
more focus on deliverables than learning
not great mental health support
insensitive manager
underpaid when I came in as an intern
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits
tuition assistance
nice work environment
can work remote depending what part of company (mine is 60% remote)

Cons: Huge Company, hard to understand various roles and how to transition into a new role internally
Advice: None
Pros: Great Benefits and centered around staying relevant to todays changes

Cons: hard to get promoted sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: pay is not bad for now

Cons: - Long work hours - Competitive environment
Advice: Please allow employees to express themselves more.
Pros: - Insurance Benefits - Earn time hours

Cons: Growth is slow and responsibilities a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - Medical, stock plus insurance

Cons: Lots of politics and nepotism.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to move roles, work life balance.

Cons: low salary in general, tons of legacy
Advice: None
Pros: pretty cool overall, but compensation is low (SSA is fixing the issue)

Cons: I am away from my hometown
Advice: Try to involve the subordinates
Pros: The salary is very good in Microsoft

Cons: -Horrible On-Calls -Less Salary - Growth Opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: -Work Life -Supportive Management - Immegration Support

Cons: Bureaucracy, lot of processes, heavily hit with compliance
Advice: None
Pros: Great WLB (does not apply to all the teams) Company cares about its employees

Cons: Too be honest, makes sub standard products
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing, fantastic, fabulous, good, great

Cons: - No cons to mention
Advice: None
Pros: - Work life balance - Great coworkers - Interesting and Challenging Projects

Cons: any cons of big organizations apply here
Advice: None
Pros: good wlb good benefits (healthcare, vision, dental) overall job stability

Cons: Bad old management in certain teams.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of new learnings

Cons: Review and awards process isn’t very transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and awesome culture

Cons: As a massive company there are a lot of processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Obviously a great company to work for. I am layed competitively, people really care about career development.  I work on interesting projects.

Cons: No good WLB in my team. My last manager impose boring and unnecessary criteria to promotion, and you need to follow his directions in order to climb up the career ladder. No good tasks/big impact project in my last team. Salary is not competitive as other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours. Sufficient time to explore on your work.

Cons: Career growth is slow unless you are in the right teams. Also compensation is low as compared to other FAANG companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Company has good work life balance and is very stable.

Cons: Bad salary worse politics t
Advice: None
Pros: Good Wlb friendly env t

Cons: Pressure Lack of time to study
Advice: Diversity and opportunities to grow is not the strong suit
Pros: Great benefits Lots of resources to learn

Cons: Very bureaucratic, siloed, and micromanaged
Advice: None
Pros: Good resources, SMEs, and brand name

Cons: Bad refreshers. Not the best for career growth
Advice: None
Pros: Can easily switch teams if wlb is not good

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay and outstanding benefits

Cons: I can't think of anything for now
Advice: None
Pros: - Inclusive Culture
- Caring leadership team
- Super smart engineers 
- Culture of growth mindset
- Benefits are great
- Working with cutting edge technology

Cons: The cog in the wheel syndrome is real.
Advice: None
Pros: I always said working for Microsoft was like getting another MBA. I learned SO MUCH there. Mostly good, sometimes what NOT to do, but it's a positive place with smart smart people.

Cons: Development and process can feel slow sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Good team culture for work and family life balance.

Cons: none that I know of
Advice: None
Pros: good decent, nice perks, benefits

Cons: nothing to say bad at all
Advice: nothing
Pros: everything is great so far

Cons: Management not aware of work done
Advice: Management was too absent
Pros: Benefits and autonomy to get work done

Cons: Depending on the team, can have major wlb issues
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, great people, flexible

Cons: Sometimes there's ambiguity when change occurs within the Org.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, People, Benefits, Experience, and Salary.

Cons: Leadership blindly let their leaders lead. No oversight or checks on employees.
Advice: Leaders, randomly ask for feedback. Not just the once a year check in that’s mandatory.
Pros: The health benefits are amazing.

Cons: Get to work with some of the most uninspired people managers.
Advice: Management is generally terrible
Pros: Get to work with exceptional talent

Cons: Additional hours needed to complete projects
Advice: Keep doing what you’re doing.
Pros: Great learning opportunities and rapport with other employees

Cons: minimal career growth, proprietary tech
Advice: None
Pros: chill, can coast there, great wlb, nice people, good benefits

Cons: can be agonizing to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, friendly co-workers, pace of execution

Cons: no one no one everything fine
Advice: None
Pros: good time, good cafeteria, nice job

Cons: Workload can get a bit extreme at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and strong benefits

Cons: If you do not like it you do not take it
Advice: None
Pros: OK Salary OK working environment

Cons: I wish the kitchen was better stocked.
Advice: None
Pros: Working with great people, interesting work.

Cons: It can take a while to be promoted. You have to navigate the usual corpororate world and sometimes play the game.
Advice: Work on more inclusivity. Allow senior LT to lead by example and invest in D&amp;I as opposed to having your teams figure it out.
Pros: Microsoft truly believes in its mission of empowering people. Microsoft empowers their employees, their stakeholders and the world. 

The Perks are great. Excellent health insurance, reimbursement for athletic equipment, and solid salaries (although weaker than industry standard). 

I had 3 managers in my time here and they were all wonderful people. 

You’ll be hard pressed to find a place with better life balance and people who care about you.

Cons: Lacked professional Development. Role was to lead 450 people, but leadership above did not support the role with development
Advice: None
Pros: Great Employee Benefits and programs to support families.

Cons: Difficult to get anything done with a company this large
Advice: None
Pros: The mission, vision and culture are unbeatable. Managers care about people

Cons: Five four three two one
Advice: None
Pros: Fine good ok moderate stuff

Cons: Stuck with bad team means bad work
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb but depends on your team

Cons: some positions are limited to specific areas
Advice: None
Pros: big company, good coworkers, good benefit

Cons: Work-Life-Balance is something where you need to be ok with leaning your weight on the work end of the scale.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunity. Constant Change. Access to latest technologies and highly intelligent peers.

Cons: Still lots of former bad behavior, manager clicks and gossip, jobs are always changing and what's required of your role often changes and reorgs happen all the time, but employee's workload is still heavy to try and change and learn new requirements
Advice: continuous learning is important but the support to bring your employees along with change requirements is stale, jobs requirements and reorgs happen almost quarterly now it seems, but your everyday work still has to get done + learn new requirements for your ever-changing job description, also still some bad managers that gossip and have clicky behavior like a high school, once an employee has push back with manager you almost get targeted and it becomes personal. This is not all managers but certainly many senior managers
Pros: great salary, industry comparable benefits, long hours if you are part of a global team

Cons: Organizational complexity, highly matrixed decision-making processes
Advice: Simplify strategic decision making and get organizations closer aligned on big bets.
Pros: Interesting and varied career paths, great management, exciting products &amp; services

Cons: HW org is still evolving
Advice: Get your SW-HW codesign activity together!
Pros: Best culture. Amazing view of technology and its benefits to the world. Listening and empathetic mindset.

Cons: Teams are just here to pull each other down and so much finger pointing culture sucks here
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure and learn née technology

Cons: lower pay than other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: take care of their employees, great company culture, lots of room for movement and growth

Cons: Share some more details about the project and what you need from us to get started
Advice: None
Pros: Very good feeling ,office comfortble

Cons: 1. Slow to act 2. Pay below market for tech
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Work-life Balance 2. Great Benefits 3. Mission-driven company

Cons: Politics but every large company has it
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work/life balance, pay, great coworkers, everything!!

Cons: Too many wrong decisions during Covid period.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team ethic. Collaborative and Friendly.

Cons: Diversity Total Compensation lower than competitors
Advice: Increase wages
Pros: Flexibility Work-life balance Career opportunity for growth

Cons: the salary is too low compared to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: it is great company to work for

Cons: It was a very long day and sometimes awkward scheduling.
Advice: None
Pros: Interview aligned to job description

Cons: Still room for improvement - consistent adoption of those values.
Advice: None
Pros: Although not perfect, company is investing resources to reinforce its values of Integrity, Respect and Accountability among all ranks of the company.

Cons: Technologies and teams can be siloed
Security constraints can slow technical progress and add extra maintenance
Windows &amp; Office release schedules can make planning difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity &amp; Inclusion
Work life balance
Strong leadership (in Office Experiences)
Growth mindset 
Collaborative

Cons: Big Company, tons of moving pieces at all times.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Work life balance and I feel like I am compensated fairly for my job

Cons: Some of the products are not as exciting to work on.
Advice: None
Pros: Very employee focused, with great benefits.

Cons: No cons but it just wasn't the right workplace for me
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to intern plus the pay was good

Cons: Pay, no free food, limited vacation
Advice: None
Pros: Great workplace and culture here.

Cons: None for the cons section
Advice: None
Pros: Was a great work environment in the physical stores

Cons: Can be hard to move around
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and great culture

Cons: Most roles are in Redmond Washington
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership, Mission Statement, Compensation and Vision

Cons: Salary is relatively low to other companies
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good comparing to most of the companies

Cons: Long working hours, little free time
Advice: None
Pros: Fair wage, nice ambient, great equipment

Cons: Argumentative environment; talking over other people
Advice: None
Pros: Smart coworkers Able to impact various products/features

Cons: The continuously changing objectives and weight placed on annual stretch goals complicates finishing projects and kills moral.
Advice: None
Pros: The pay scale and benefits are great.

Cons: Still a lot of older employees with older mindsets towards employees who are not men
Advice: Keep building trust
Pros: Progressive leadership at the top

Cons: I work more than 40 hours a week.
Advice: None
Pros: Program management has a great combo of working with engineering and customers.

Cons: low salary mature teams move very slow in terms of new ideas
Advice: None
Pros: friendly people good work life balance

Cons: cafeteria could have more menu options
Advice: provide individual metrics more often every month.
Pros: very nice environment to work in.

Cons: Unresponsive coworkers if low level
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities, decent culture, good stock valuue

Cons: money is less compared to other Faang companies
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance is good and culture is good.

Cons: No check and balance for poor mid-level management and lack of team diversity
Advice: None
Pros: Smart engineers and strong business in Cloud and Productivity

Cons: Big company with complex organization structure. This can make it difficult to get things done and makes sometimes routine things difficult because many stakeholders have to review / approve. Regular internal business reviews can be a big tax and take way from time with customers / partners. Internal policy severely limits pay / level increases on internal job transfers even if you apply for and get a job at a higher level than your current level.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture with strong values. Smart people. Cool technology. Lots of mature processes, support functions, and resources for running the business. Interesting problems to tackle. Excellent career flexibility to work on different businesses, in different functions, or different geographies. Excellent benefits including good health care, 401(k) w/ matching, and charitable giving program that matches $$s given and $$S for time volunteered.

Cons: The company is lacking in structure
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is solid

Cons: Too woke; focused on social justice and sustainability
Advice: None
Pros: Great salary, great benefits, continuous learning

Cons: Salary is not bad, not great
Advice: None
Pros: good for work life balance

Cons: - can sometimes feel like a cog 
- less exciting areas of work than some other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: - friendly people
- good management
- good WLB
- culture focused
- lots of flexibility

Cons: Compensation is not very competitive
Promotions might be slow depending on the org
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance
Health benefits
Easy to get away with not doing much and stay at the same level

Cons: No I have no any type chellanges.
Advice: Keep working with sencarity and get progress.
Pros: This is the best software company.

Cons: Very repetitive. Very difficult to grow if you are starting in your career.
Advice: None
Pros: People management soft skills are gained.

Cons: This is a great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Respect, freedom to explore, opportunities.

Cons: work life balance goes off with bad management.
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities for professional development.

Cons: Recently joined, nothing bad to mention.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture: Benefits: Learning Opportunities Career Development

Cons: Lack of training
Lots of internal meetings that you need to balance with your actual job and KPIs
Advice: Do more technical training and strategizing - make it actionable training and strategizing too, not simply high-level
Pros: Collaboration 
Diversity &amp; inclusion
Good pay

Cons: Pay compared to Big Tech Manager too dependent on Career Progression
Advice: None
Pros: Microsoft Great Benefits Work Life Balance Training

Cons: Mgmt is good but the work life balance lacks.
Advice: Be more open Minded.
Pros: The people were great to work with.

Cons: Bonus structure isn’t really clear.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and overall culture is great!

Cons: Slow pace not very exciting
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance for people with kids

Cons: Hard to promote, unique role for the market
Advice: None
Pros: Work live balance, interesting job

Cons: Nothing much it’s all good
Advice: None
Pros: Goood work life balance and ptos

Cons: 15 days per year starting
Advice: None
Pros: There is Great work life balance

Cons: Hard to understand the expectations of roles from looking at job descriptions
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and most people don’t leave or when they do leave boomerang back often

Cons: Because its a giant company things can take much longer than they should, like hiring. And like any big company you will eventually bump into toxic politics.
Advice: Keep pushing to be a tech leader in inclusivity and equality.
Pros: Lots of opportunities for growth and advancement.  Lots of training and resources for managers.  Competetive compensation and benefeits.

Cons: Harder to transition internally than management might suggest.
Advice: None
Pros: I worked with the best people in my career at Microsoft.

Cons: don;t know of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: I like how I can be flexible and get bonuses

Cons: Old code and windows env
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and steady cash flow

Cons: na na na na na
Advice: None
Pros: good company nice work nice place

Cons: Flexible hours can mean flexing into your evening. Hybrid is annoying when LT won’t let employees work remotely by choice.
Advice: Choose LT that actually believes in the mission. Not just someone who was successful at Microsoft and then boomeranged back into a CVP role.
Pros: Pretty progressive culture. Flexible when and where you work (at least part of the week)

Cons: Can sometimes be on the lower end of salary. It varies person by person.
Advice: None
Pros: Microsoft has a very good company culture and a great place to work.

Cons: Promotions on the public side are slow
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB compared to many other companies

Cons: Yet to fina Con at Microsoft. Its been one and half years and I am very happy with my choice to be working here
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and awesome work culture in the Azure Org.

Cons: tough work sometimes, but not overwhleming
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work, culture is encouraging

Cons: 1 1 1 1 1
Advice: None
Pros: Health Insurance, 401k, Gym Membership, Work-Life Balance

Cons: Others pay more than Microsoft
Advice: None
Pros: Dood Deal, work life balance.

Cons: Could be more inclusive and welcoming
Advice: None
Pros: They're into everything now and it shows

Cons: It's very hard to explain without having lived it, but it's all politics. It's who you know over what you know. People are quick to judge you based on your looks and attitude. I'm not sure how/why it's bred this culture but they're not as "inclusive" as they seem. They breed an incredibly competitive culture where it's the norm to be incredibly selfish and highly judgemental of everyone and their work (they call it "being critical" and "defining impact").

Every day coming to work it was more a game of "watch your back you don't know who's trying to sabotage you" today.
Advice: None
Pros: The company benefits are amazing. Stocks, 401k, etc are great. And on-site perks are great. Some of the people are great, I made a lot of friends working here

Cons: Sometimes there will also be people that is slow of response and hold their own ego. When that time comes, it will feel frustrate to communicate and move project forward. That is say like a common problem for nearly every big organization.
Advice: None
Pros: You can work with smart people. There are also plenty of interesting project goes on for nearly all fields regards to computer science. Thus a lot fun to working here. Also the manager are friendly and reasonable.

Cons: Stock refreshers are significantly lagging behind
Advice: None
Pros: You get to choose what is good wlb for you.

Cons: Management is racist does not treat you right bad leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Good place good benefits Good pay

Cons: You are a slave to a corporation that doesn't actually care about you
Advice: None
Pros: Laid back and no micromanagement

Cons: Not a ton of culture
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, great pay

Cons: Base pay may be higher.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture, technology, management

Cons: Giant company, can move slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Supports employees when health issues arise.

Cons: not enough salary increase yearly
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, great culture, great management

Cons: Remember the 70 rule. If you worked at MS for 15 years and over 55. Expect to see the exit. Unless you have a good network - after awhile it's not talent - just who you know. They want a turn over to get in new talent. I have seen some great talent burned.
Advice: On the 1-1 work with the employee on the connects. So its' not a big deal when it comes up.
Pros: Love most of the projects - great opportunties

Cons: Escalations and case work can be very broad and cause burn out.
High case load at times.
Work can occasionally run after hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent learning and growth opportunities.
Get to work on new technologies.
Great benefits, Bonuses, Pay, stock rewards.
Flexible workplace arrangments, work from home.

Cons: Works a lot and very pressure
Advice: no
Pros: - high salary - fast growth carreer

Cons: - Bueracracy
- software engineers are not super motivated
Advice: None
Pros: Exactly what the review online say - expect a massive corporate tech job. Good salary, good work life balance

Cons: Constant manager turnover, micromanagement, and complete disregard for company values in middle management. You're just a number in a massive machine and not treated like a person.
Advice: Support managers who want to see people succeed not just pump out data and meet metrics.
Pros: Terrible middle management - who do not support employee growth.

Cons: Make sure you make the best possible team.
Advice: Upgrade your computers and VPN system
Pros: Director of engineering is a cool job at microsoft.

Cons: * projects chronically get defunded, scrapped, etc. - long-term roadmap seems unclear
* a bit closely managed - would appreciate some more autonomy (this varies widely from team to team)
Advice: None
Pros: * team works in interesting space (ML infra)
* competent peers
* not pinged on weekends
* noone cares how much time i clock in at the office as long as the work gets done
* manager supports growth

Cons: Affected by current economic downturn with layoffs and restructuring
Advice: None
Pros: People, product and the autonomy to succeed

Cons: tough work, and very strict peer evaluate system
Advice: None
Pros: Great working environment, and great place for software engineer

Cons: no cons at this time
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance! Good perks

Cons: nothing, all good, thanks you
Advice: None
Pros: Good company - checking review for others

Cons: Velocity might not be the best depending on specific orgs and teams.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice culture and stable job

Cons: Ongoing role def flux makes it hard to map a career path in csu
Advice: None
Pros: Role is becoming better aligned with overall corp goals - through a lot of personal and professional growth / relationships - you can carve a path and feel successful

Cons: Micromanaging, drama, shifts, availability of advancement
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, pay, work life balance

Cons: Bad company for not being transparent
Advice: None
Pros: Good company for work environment

Cons: Sometimes you will have to take initiative and figure out how to solve problems for your customer without help.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team to learn from. Opportunities to grow within the company. If you work hard, it is easy to be a Top Performer on your team.

Cons: With every org being so huge could lead to redundancy in same work being done by multiple teams without talking to each other.
Advice: None
Pros: MSFT is very big and groups like Azure, Office etc could feel like a company in itself. However, since Satya took to office a big effort is made towards unifying them and building a learning culture.

Cons: Some teams are more process oriented
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture Great benefits Great engineers to work with

Cons: Work feels slow at this company
Advice: None
Pros: Culture! Love the people I am taken care of here

Cons: Nothing to say against the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Love the company culture and

Cons: Low rank salary compare to other tech
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance and okay pay

Cons: I Can't think of any.
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership. Learned a lot.

Cons: There are no any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Good company, good life balance

Cons: Not my favorite employer in career
Advice: None
Pros: Not the best at all

Cons: “Top heavy, everyone trying to get to high level jobs instead of doing their jobs. Higher levels taking credit for work done by their employees. Very internally focused, MS competes more internally than it does externally.”
Advice: Job is really hard coming into it from a programming background. Product knowledge is not abundant. It seems I'm not getting as much support as I would like. 😕 I honestly have no idea what else to put.
Was this review helpful?
Pros: ake the most of life. At Microsoft, you'll take risks, push boundaries, and grow more than you thought possible. ...
Invest in your future. 401(k) plan. ...
Enjoy the perks. ...
Take time away. ...
Care for your family. ...
Professional and personal growth. ...
Get exclusive discounts

Cons: lots of politics, shuffling people into management even though they make terrible managers and/or don’t even want to manage — simply because that’s the prescribed path to career advancement, wasted time and talent on hundreds of features that never ship.
Advice: You’re there to enable smart people to do their best work. Get out of the way.
Pros: great pay and array of benefits

Cons: Total compensation is less competitive than other large FAANG type companies.
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB + Benefits. Nice Campus to work at.

Cons: Large Company, Corporate Environment, Competitive, Merit-Based
Advice: None
Pros: Mobility, Support, Autonomy, Scope, Knowledge

Cons: nothing that I can think of!
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, support, and managers who help with career growth

Cons: Total compensation have not been competitive but now making efforts to be at par
Advice: None
Pros: Well positioned to continue to lead and deliver in cloud space

Cons: Sometimes quota attainment does not correlate to how hard you work
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and benefits. Great pay and products.

Cons: salary on lower end, usual big company problems like bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, work-life balance and culture

Cons: does not offer a great salary compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing Team, awesome colleagues, great work life balance and get to work on coolest things

Cons: Poor Salary Infested by MindTree vendors becoming FTE
Advice: None
Pros: Brand Name Health Benefits 401K Match

Cons: Still a little bit old school
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership and management are trying to change and do the right thing

Cons: Long hours
Stressful due to serious deadlines
Office politics!!!
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing health benefits, lots of discounted products at Microsoft Store, top of the line gym membership
Great team morale events every 3 months with SWAG usually
Paid training to expand qualifications
Nice work environment (offices and computers)

Cons: Comp is significantly behind competitors despite recent company-wide increases to merit and stock
Experience is still largely team-dependent, some teams are actively connected while others are less in sync
Hiring can be convoluted, with uncertain timelines and staffing needs
Advice: Focus more on diversity when building teams rather than building teams that look similar to their upper management
Pros: Flexible with meeting employees' needs in hybrid work environment
Each organization seems to genuinely cares about diversity and inclusion
New perks added regularly for employees, world-class benefits

Cons: lots of work is kinda unfortunate for work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment in terms of people around you

Cons: There never seems to be enough funding to properly get the job done
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good, and expectations are pretty low

Cons: Recession at MS jobs are being layoff in 2022
Advice: None
Pros: All good at MS including salaries

Cons: you can work very few hours if you're in the right team.
Advice: None
Pros: the overall pay is low.

Cons: none I can say about....
Advice: None
Pros: Good Family environment with challanging work

Cons: Halo infinite is not what it should have been
Advice: None
Pros: played lots of halo there

Cons: Not too many of these quite a good company
Advice: None
Pros: Fun job and great satisfaction

Cons: None None None None None
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation Benefits Inclusion Fair Healthcare

Cons: Low pay as level increases
Advice: None
Pros: Good perks, culture, decent pay

Cons: Cannot think of anything really
Advice: None
Pros: Great place with fantastic culture

Cons: Your overall experience at Microsoft is very team dependent, with some organizations' actions contradicting the values set by the company's mission statement. This manifests in poor cross-team communication, misalignment of interests between teams, and tribalism. This leads to a poor collaborative culture where every team acts only in the best interests of their own team, and not for the company as a whole. How can you empower every person and every organization in the world if you can't even empower your own employees?

Compensation is not as competitive as other FAANG companies. While Microsoft comp is still very good compared to most non-FAANG companies, this signals that Microsoft is not willing to take the initiative to be competitive with their main competitors. What ends up happening is that the best talent ends up leaving for greener pastures and all the mediocre ones stay, causing a "brain drain" where engineering standards steadily decrease. Microsoft is not interested in retaining its best talents contrary to their claims.

It is much easier to interview external companies than it is to switch to different organization. If you want to transfer to a different organization within Microsoft (say, from Windows to Xbox), you have to apply to a job posting created by the organization of interest and go through an interview loop as if you're an external applicant. Assuming they even read your application, you being a Microsoft employee gives you no advantage as the loop does not take into account your positive Connects, manager testimonials, etc. I've made more progress in a few months' worth of external interviewing than I did trying to transfer internally for years. Yes, Microsoft is entrenched in various markets, but you most likely won't be able to enter most of them unless if you boomerang or have insider connections (which is outside of your control). Again, Microsoft is not interested in retaining talent despite Microsoft selling you on the idea that they want to keep and cultivate talent.

Work life balance is a hit or miss depending on several variables such as team dynamics, your seniority level, and the quality of your team's engineering processes. In my team, engineers are put in oncall rotations with little to no training in the product area, poor organization of information, and not being taught to take initiative in solving problems. This leaves the most senior, competent, and knowledgeable engineers being put on 24/7 virtual oncall where they can get pinged/paged/called/etc during off hours by engineers that are officially oncall but couldn't/wouldn't find relevant information themselves. I've even been texted several times to come online and help with an issue, WHILE I WAS ON VACATION!

Furthermore, if you're perceived as a competent engineer, expect to be stretched thin with increased responsibilities but little to no resources to deliver on said responsibilities. This led to competent engineers burning out while the mediocre ones are able to coast by. Even when brought up in one-on-ones, the issue was dismissed with a nonchalant "we tried but we can't fix it" response. It's almost as if Microsoft rewards mediocrity more than competency. There is an ongoing myth about Microsoft being the pinnacle of work life balance, but I find that it's mostly true if you're junior or are unmotivated.

Microsoft claims to be customer obsessed and seeks to offer a delightful customer experience, but my experiences with seeing poor development practices and seeing products fail the most basic use cases (implying a lack of quality testing) lead me to believe this is just another buzzword. Microsoft is more concerned about crossing off checkmarks and delivering fast rather than being honest about their products and taking corrective action. This leads to technical debt, loss of morale, and burnout.

On a slightly unrelated note; even during my tenure at Microsoft, I've favored competing products over Microsoft's counterpart. I'll use Google Docs over Word any day, Dropbox over OneDrive, and I ended up selling my Xbox One but kept my PS4. I'm not familiar with the teams behind those products, but based on my experiences here, I wouldn't be surprised if their lack of quality translated to my dissatisfaction with those products.

tl;dr your mileage may vary at Microsoft as each team is different, so be prepared to jump ship if your working conditions don't line up with their promises and your own expectations. I recommend Microsoft as either a resume booster or as a place to retire.
Advice: If you truly believe in the company's values such as customer obsession, cultivating talent, and growth mindset, walk the talk. Don't just talk the talk. Otherwise, employees who actually practice those values will leave for your competitors.
Pros: Good benefits like health care, 401k matching, donation matching, access to counseling service, etc.

Microsoft is entrenched in a wide range of markets from office productivity, gaming, search, mixed reality, etc.

Can find coworkers with a wide range of interests and hobbies outside of work, such as sports and gaming. Lots of internal mailing lists for different hobbies to facilitate meetups and community building.

Creative outlets in the form of yearly hackathons and The Garage, an independent group inside Microsoft that coordinates smaller hackathons and guest speakers relevant for certain topics such as game development and virtual reality.

Good place to retire or to jump start your resume.

Cons: Pay grade, slow career ladder
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, benefits, people, easy to move around latterly

Cons: Acceptable to really bad work life balance depending on the team.
Very aggressive environments created by teams for artificial purposes.
Very stratified teams based on language.
Adopt current trends and technologies quicker.
Advice: Improve work life balance.
Break up teams that have a very homogeneous make up.
Add quarterly surveys and trainings regarding diversity and inclusion efforts on teams. An hour video of training on diversity per year leads to really funny and insensitive comments and conflicts that might result in the company losing its reputation and worse.
Improve training opportunities for new technology.
Pros: Vast choices of technology to work on.
Lots of smart and productive people.
Beautiful main campus in the Seattle area.
Software teams able to make decisions without interference from upper management, at least at the medium and lower levels.
Great benefits.
Good technological support.

Cons: Compensation sub par compared to competition
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Decent growth opportunities in Azure

Cons: Not the best pay compared elswhere
Advice: None
Pros: Alright work hours and type of work/

Cons: long hours, sometimes crunchtime was bad
Advice: None
Pros: good team and friendly people

Cons: Relatively low pay compared to competitors. Internal tools can be downright atrocious.
Advice: None
Pros: No micromanaging, meaning, you're responsible for your own success. Easy to move around internally to find something you like to do. Benefits are highly focused on your well-being.

Cons: Can be underutilized and requires networking to grow in career, not just on achievements.
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance if you allow it.

Cons: Work culture is a bit off for a couple days
Advice: None
Pros: Its amazing and good work culture

Cons: Nothing I can think of at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: The benefits and culture have vastly improved

Cons: Nothing I can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: Ownership, flexible working environment, good opportunities

Cons: relatively stressful workload during project release
Advice: provide more free dinners haha
Pros: you get free lunches and breakfast

Cons: Lower average salary (makes it up partially with bonuses)
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance overall there

Cons: Highly competitive and you must be a self-starter.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent leadership for career development

Cons: Stressful Work load Extra hours
Advice: Everything is perfect
Pros: Work from home Chill Best team

Cons: Depending on your manager, it can be an easy and fulfilling role, but there are some managers who make it hard to focus or enjoy working there
Advice: None
Pros: My current managers are bomb! The listen to me and they are always seeking to understand. Microsoft is all about growth, so they spend a lot of time helping me grow as an individual and as an employee

Cons: The hourly rate is low.
Advice: None
Pros: The team members are friendly.

Cons: are you kidding me ?
Advice: None
Pros: super great and very good

Cons: Microsoft offers below average compensation. Their stated goal is to offer compensation that is the 66th percentile of their competitors. In a letter grate that is a D. The promotion opportunities at Microsoft are severely limited. The best way to get paid more is to leave and come back.
Advice: The reason you are losing employees to Google and Facebook is not complicated. The reason is because you refuse to pay us as much. Even after Satya's announcement of increased compensation, it still won't match what I can get by going to Google or Facebook. That is why I am voting with my feet.
Pros: The people are mostly nice.

Cons: Less pay than other tech companies, less interesting things to work on than companies like Google, etc
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, great culture, amazing teams

Cons: - Base salary could be a bit more competitive
- Onboarding with hardware could be a bit better (HW is great but receiving my home setup was a bit convoluted
- All food should be free on campuses
Advice: - Make lunch food free on campuses
- No other advice at this time
Pros: - Great benefits
- Great team and culture
- Offices are nice
- Hybrid work and very flexible
- Offers relocation, stock, and sign-on bonuses

Cons: I have to work weekends and after hours sometimes to meet deadlines.
Advice: Continue learning about your employees' various backgrounds and be accomodating! This is already done on my time so I just want other teams to follow suite and my current one to keep doing what they're doing.
Pros: Lots of industry knowledge and excellent mentors! Love the culture here too, which promotes diversity of background and a healthy work-life balance.

Cons: -Total comp is lower compared with other competitors but still good overall
Advice: None
Pros: -Very good benefits -Friendly and inclusive environment

Cons: Not as fast of promotions, salaries aren’t as competitive as FAANG
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, flexibility, great team, collaborative

Cons: Hard to get an interview in corporate from retail
Advice: Continue to do what you do!
Pros: Benefits, pay, flexibility, collaboration, workplace

Cons: Workload was hard at times
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits were real good and inexpensive

Cons: No compensation for on-call duties, hectic at times
Advice: None
Pros: WLB, Impact, a great environment for learning

Cons: Sometimes things move a little more slowly
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome company to work for

Cons: Not much interest in upward mobility
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, good people, nice campus

Cons: None that I can think about
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive and considerable, caring, supportive

Cons: Super slow pace and non open-source tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: You need to find the right team and position that match your interests. That can take time and requires effort.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of exciting technology being developed

Cons: if you end up supporting a critical or legacy system your life can be hell.
Advice: None
Pros: best case scenario you are one of the more healthy work-life balance feature teams and get to work on new stuff for good pay and normal hours.

Cons: As with any big company, sometimes the bureaucracy is stifling, although I've been at smaller companies who were worse.  Lots of cooks.
Advice: Diversity means everyone, not just people with a particular belief or outward appearance.
Pros: Innovative!  As Satya says, we're empowering everyone to do more.  They live and breathe that mantra.  Very glad I joined.

Cons: Not much community Can feel pretty big
Advice: None
Pros: Great problems Autonomy Cups in the cafeteria have Microsoft logos on them

Cons: if you don't have a solid manager don't take the job, there is little to no training and compensation is ultra confusing and difficult to predict
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, nice name recognition

Cons: Work felt too easy at times, which is not what I expected for an intenrship focused on learning.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment with people that care about what you think.
Everyone was helpful and understainding.

Cons: expensive to live where u work
Advice: None
Pros: nice environment. lots of things to learn

Cons: ProMotion , career development, business development, marketing
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, perks , vacation, flexibility

Cons: disorganized and chaotic at times, frequent change of direction
Advice: think about what you want before you start looking for it
Pros: Terrific people who actually care about you, great culture, a lot of growth

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, benefits, and employees.

Cons: Coffee tastes bad afternoon in the caffeteria
Advice: Improve the  coffee  taste  please.
Pros: Best place to work in the world

Cons: Products are not very exciting unless you are passionate about the particular area
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, pay, promotion path if you are motivated

Cons: Hardwork, long hours, complex projects and similar problems.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary, benefits such as medical support and educational support.

Cons: Felt siloed at times from other departments.
Advice: None
Pros: Healthy team dynamics; challenging atmosphere

Cons: Full of narcissists and hypocrites
Advice: Go elsewhere
Pros: Fancy place to work and elbow people

Cons: Big company. Swim or sink.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay. Big company. Good resources and network

Cons: There are some long hours at times
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Experience Learning Development Technology

Cons: There really are no cons
Advice: None
Pros: Hard environment but a lot of perks

Cons: Extremely top-down, unfortunate fixation on flavor of the day rather than plan.
Advice: None
Pros: Collaborative, and people want to succeed and help you succeed.

Cons: I don't really have any cons. It's a great place to work compared to almost any other company.
Advice: None
Pros: Microsoft really respects its employees.

Cons: Can be challenging to get promoted from within
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing opportunities to build a career with many different career tracks, flexibility to work as you'd like

Cons: Hard to move in different direction. Old timers make a lot of decisions above
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to be for any stage of careers

Cons: a lot is expected but manageable.
Advice: None
Pros: They live the culture and have great leadership.

Cons: Lack of diversity and leadership.
Advice: None
Pros: Exposure to different technologies and customers

Cons: Wit Fit Sit Nice Create
Advice: None
Pros: Cool Money Space office Work Environment

Cons: On call was occasional and it was stressful
Lower compensation relative to other major tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Smart teammates
Very organized, minimal plan churn

Cons: High stress
A lot of pressure to please clients beyond regular means
Advice: Listen to your employee's concerns
Pros: Better than average pay
Great benefits

Cons: It is still a retail job
Advice: None
Pros: super fun retail job to have

Cons: - A lot of tools to learn
- Relatively steep learning curve
- Understanding Microsoft processes takes time
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work life balance
- Plenty of training and support
- Very competitive compensation

Cons: Work can be stressful at times
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome culture Good compensation and benefits Great work life balance

Cons: More than average red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Wide variety of projects. Great career growth opportunities

Cons: Poor management choices when they are transferred internally with no experience.
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay and good benefits

Cons: NO, NO, NO, NO, NON
Advice: no
Pros: MANY advantages if you work at this company

Cons: Long turnover period for promotions
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment and community

Cons: Over the top “kudos” for really dumb brainless things…focus on being positive but the real problem is the MS always talks about being customer obsessed but yet their licensing mode to do business with them has most customers at a minimum with one FTE to manage and maintain their MS agreements. Big cost and hassle to customers and is very complicated.
Advice: Mgmt is powerless, this needs to be a board level agenda.
Pros: Great teams, great people, benefits are great

Cons: Not always the best in terms of marketing their products to make them even more desirable to the consumer.
Advice: Make service goals a bit more attainable and not so far-fetched sometimes
Pros: Access to amazing tools and knowledge resources to grow your expertise in computers and operating systems.

Cons: Not a lot of time to get the work done
Advice: Keep work life balanced
Pros: Lots of work in different areas

Cons: Levels to get promoted which tends to block some people
Advice: None
Pros: One of the best companies to work for, left for a new job for increase experience see myself back at Microsoft

Cons: The pay can be higher
Advice: None
Pros: Not very challenging work requirements

Cons: None that comes to my mind
Advice: None
Pros: Culture work life balance and great projects

Cons: Slow growth pace and bad middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Good opportunities and work life balance

Cons: workload can be high in azure
Advice: None
Pros: culture is not too bad

Cons: Very difficult to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation and benefits package

Cons: Pay Scale is not so good compare to market
Advice: Increase Pay limit.
Pros: Good People, Good Culture, Good learning Opportunity

Cons: Slow career growth, very opaque processes. Better career growth at HQ than in the field.
Advice: None
Pros: I love the perks of working here. Best benefits in the industry. Great people. Impactful work.

Cons: Great salary vs. rest of the world but subpar vs. other big-tech company
Advice: I really love it here, but a good offer would make me think
Pros: You feel that company objectives aim to make a better world.
Great Work Life Balance

Cons: Leveling up can be a challenge and issue on growth.
Advice: None
Pros: Positive co-workers, work life balance, great benefits.

Cons: Team dependent, but technology utilized is not always the most modern.
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB, pay is low for a big tech co but better than most places to work.

Cons: After 2 years remote during covid, msft hardware refuses to allow people to continue to work from home full remote. they decided on hybrid model which serves no one well.
Advice: None
Pros: MSFT has the best of the best benefits. Early in career folks, like myself, get well compensated. Workload is heavy, lots of late nights for 6+ months out of the year, but with that comes great learning.

Cons: (as big company, no surprise) lots of gating managers
boring compenben offers (other than monetary compensation)
(recently) more geo split - more work time
Advice: None
Pros: Good enough salary
State of art technology
Flexibility to work borderlessly in technology field

Cons: you have to define what work/life balance means to you and set expectations
Advice: None
Pros: To work on cutting edge products touching millions of customers every day.
Great company culture that provides support to thrive and make an impact.
Excellent leadership setting the direction of the company that cares about not only what gets done but also how.

Cons: Hikes are not competitive due to which people would rather leave and join other companies
Advice: Increase hikes and promotions
Pros: Good work life balance and perks.

Cons: I can not think of any cons.
Advice: None
Pros: I loved Microsoft because the community was very welcoming.

Cons: Lots of work to do all the time
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of great benefits and pay

Cons: pay is not competitive compared with FANNG
Advice: None
Pros: A stable job with low risk of layoff

Cons: bad pay, give me more money
Advice: None
Pros: fun, work life balance, very educational, good support system

Cons: Long hours of work Short breaks
Advice: Good job
Pros: Welcoming environment Fast pace Teamwork

Cons: Less pay compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Great benifits and work life balance

Cons: No work life balance. Understaffed with insane work load. Disorganized leadership and management team.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit. Decent pay. Hybrid or fully remote depends on your location and manager. Opportunity to advance within the company
