Cons: - very hard to move to different teams or positions
 - a little bit strict organization culture
Advice: N/A
Pros: - great supports from the management / cares a lot for employess

Cons: Let go of contractors very frequently because of budget cuts or due to work slowing down.
Advice: Hire full time employees instead of contractors.
Pros: Great working with new technology

Cons: No work/life balance. It is beneficial to speak Korean or to be bilingual.
Advice: None
Pros: Alot of new cutting edge technology to see and learn.

Cons: too many work hours. No work-life balance.
Advice: management is korean minded. need to grow up.
Pros: rewarded, the number one company in Korea

Cons: These guys wouldn't know a good idea if it punched them in the face. Awful workplace culture and layers of bureaucracy make for a poor work environment. Preferential treatment of Koreans and Indians, good luck.
Advice: Get a clue.
Pros: Pay and benefits can be great. Cafeteria has good food, for a cafeteria.

Cons: Always pushed by HQ to release something, so always had to work till late, including weekends.  It seemed that people were always tense, not much team work.
Advice: Not much to say - the company is too big, my organization is too small.
Pros: Compensation was good. It is certainly good to have in resume as big name, branding.

Cons: Samsung sold the business to Seagate
Advice: You need to treat people a little better...
Pros: Challenging job that I loved

Cons: They do not hire Koreans or look-like Koreans.
Advice: You have to be globalized to survive here
Pros: Health insurance is good. It maybe only one good thing.

Cons: very competitive, requires lots of working hour; no balance between work and life
Advice: None
Pros: lots of hardworking/smart people, support for educational opportunities

Cons: The cafeteria food was not very good
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing
Pros: Phenomenal company with a lot of leaders eager to help you learn

Cons: Not vertically integrated like Apple.  Not yet selling chips out of Samsung
Advice: None
Pros: Decisive, open to change, manageable stress

Cons: Not great work/life balance
Culture
Parking
Internal systems
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging, Culture, discounted lunch, holiday party, free tv/phone etc. around holiday time

Cons: Lots of task with pressue on time line
Advice: Flexibility
Pros: Learing culture is good and great colleagues.

Cons: Important decisions made in Korea
top down structure
horrible IT!
Advice: Dump SDS and adopt real cloud solutions
Pros: Easy to work at
senior exposure

Cons: Long hours work without appreciation for the work accomplished.  Treats employees like worker bees.  Treats executives like they are gods.
Advice: Make your employees feel appreciated for the work that they do.
Pros: Nothing about working here is positive.  There is no work life balance.

Cons: Lack of leadership, false promises communication and no human resources presence to discipline or conduct reviews.
Advice: Fix internal problems instead of playing a blind eye.  Adapt regional process and procedures instead of making up as you go.
Pros: Yearly education allowance , monthly phone reimbursement, frequent dining

Cons: work environment seems to be somewhat divided
Advice: None
Pros: Met some great people, learned a lot

Cons: Work-life balance is ok but its still manageble
Advice: very good management
Pros: Great working envirornment one should work in Samsung

Cons: Korean culture,  too rigid in org structure
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit good people free lunch

Cons: very very very hard work
Advice: good starting point
Pros: nice env and salary and system

Cons: Work load is pathetic and dont wanna work
Advice: None
Pros: Nice pay at work and insurance is good

Cons: Best Medical, Work environment to improve high tech
Advice: Need to adapt trends
Pros: Tough Culture and Challenging environment

Cons: somewhat rigid and may seem inflexible
Advice: None
Pros: very structured and well organized

Cons: Korean culture background might be hard to adjust, work-life balance is bad
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, good place to learn

Cons: the benefits come along in the long-run
Advice: None
Pros: it's a great company that's constantly growing and expanding

Cons: Company culture. Strict and conservative
Advice: Open culture to foreign employees is crucial
Pros: Good profit sharing. Good pay.

Cons: High stress, low efficiency work style.
Advice: None
Pros: You get to learn a lot of different functions within the company.

Cons: Long retail and holiday hours
Advice: Set better expectations for employees.
Pros: Fun atmosphere and lots of cool gadgets.

Cons: not many. overall good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work alla round good job

Cons: Difficult to have work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Learn a lot and fast

Cons: salary did not rise for a long time
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is very good

Cons: work/life balance can be a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity, Challenging, global level, culture, benefits, career

Cons: great benefits, review, too much work
Advice: None
Pros: too much work, good benefits

Cons: weak in support side
Advice: None
Pros: Samsung will improve your career path to the next level

Cons: Micromanagement culture and frequent reporting to leadership group
Advice: None
Pros: Learn global management skills and system

Cons: Poor management, communication is difficult,
Advice: Better product management
Pros: High salary, Perks are decent,

Cons: work life balance
lack of promotion opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: good benefit and good work environment

Cons: Little room for advancement...none actually.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company...great co-worker. Nice vibe & energy.

Cons: Career growth oppertunities are moderate.
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture and work life balance

Cons: you will not like workload
Advice: None
Pros: you will like good environment for work

Cons: Unclear directions in terms of tasks and deadlines
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing intern class and colleagues

Cons: Not any Cons for this Company
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Company, and great benefits

Cons: work hrs and language barrier
Advice: none
Pros: benefits and people are very good

Cons: Work stress,limited salary increase, hard promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, good coworkers, good wor enviroment

Cons: working hard and harding working
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work . happy

Cons: Nothing bad about the company
Advice: None
Pros: Good place to work, highly recommend

Cons: Work life balance, new assignment
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefit, good growth potential

Cons: work/life balance, strong Korean culture
Advice: None
Pros: challenge works, nice employees, career opportunities

Cons: Heavy Bureaucratic, top-down directive culture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good heath insurance benefit and job stability

Cons: none that i think of
Advice: none
Pros: good compensation by the compay

Cons: Benefits are better than most
Advice: None
Pros: Communication between management not good

Cons: Strict korean style management
supervisors always wanted to do things in their way
Korean employees are two faced
Advice: None
Pros: Good Pay and good place to live

Cons: Frequent change in technologies
No management
No work life balance
No respect of existing technical knowledge
Advice: None
Pros: They are good pay master

Cons: will aquire talent then they will let them go
Advice: NA
Pros: Great salary good benefits overall
