Cons: So many customer questions so little time.
Advice: Never adhere to the old saying, too many chiefs not enough Indians.
Pros: Innovation and new technology keep me invigorated

Cons: I am not satisfy how employees are treated in the company
Advice: N/A
Pros: I do not have much to say except I'm not satisfy with this company

Cons: Need to stay late to work with HQ or conterparts
Advice: None
Pros: Good people, many opportunity, big company

Cons: definitely overtime, micro managing, very tight schedule
Advice: The outcome is not related to the hours.
Pros: smart coworker, good benefit, good job security

Cons: leveling up within the organization, title changes, and slightly biased  culture
Advice: None
Pros: challenging and room for growths, big company, name brand

Cons: Who is not Korean or any sort of management is dumped on to an agency to be paid and regulated
Advice: Do not treat people like they are your property
Pros: Tons of money to spend on salaried employee and great subsidized benefits and perks

Cons: Good benefit for employees per year.
Advice: None
Pros: You have to work over time during year end closing.

Cons: very lonely to do work
Advice: None
Pros: great pay and cool gadgets

Cons: overworked, cultural challenges, low salary, high stress
Advice: None
Pros: hands on experience in top company of its industry

Cons: Job security and way upper management work
Advice: None
Pros: Great people to work with
Amazing training

Cons: work life balance is not satisfied
Advice: None
Pros: Fast paced and challenging environment

Cons: hard to balance work and personal life.
Advice: None
Pros: lots of things to learn. samsung has a big potential.

Cons: The management has no clear business or technical direction.  The HR was a joke, and company did not recognize or respect the talent they were trying to hire.
Advice: Please have a clear direction, document it, and follow through.
Pros: Health insurance was good and cheap.

Cons: no cons at all really
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: good products, nice people, good benefits

Cons: no clear startegey, depends on team
Advice: None
Pros: nice team, good work, work life balance

Cons: work hours are too strict
Advice: None
Pros: Great work here,fab team to work with

Cons: Experienced workers can be hired on quickly and then sit on their butt and do the minimums until someone in upper management finds out and then just moves you to a different department.
Advice: Fire yourself.
Pros: People with industry experience can be hired on very quickly.

Cons: Not ideal balance between work and life.
Advice: None
Pros: Extensive bonus when the goal is reached annually.

Cons: Work a lot. Drink a lot
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Great products. Great people. Awesome

Cons: Constant irrational changes constantly being made
Advice: Settle down
Pros: Better pay then most around here

Cons: None that I can think off
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work

Cons: poor supervisor and leadership skills
Advice: None
Pros: pay benefits and cafeteria friends
