Cons: - Sometimes hard being a marketer inside a sales organization
- Still work to be done on getting tools and processes where they need to be
Advice: I love this team and I love Concur. I can’t think of a better place to be as a growing marketer and professional.

Keep moving the SMN organization in the direction it is going. I’ve been on the SMN Marketing team 2+ years, and in the last 1 year we have seen a lot of very positive growth and change. Changes that needed to be made.

For those of us that have been on the team for a while, it is refreshing to see where we are today. And my historical understanding of how and why we made past decisions is more valuable than ever before. I’m also being given opportunities that never existed for me before - like building a business strategy and presenting business results to stakeholders.

Many new team members and new leaders that are bringing great ideas. My boss is one of them - and is the best!

I am happy to see that we are embracing team diversity in the form of culture, backgrounds and skill sets as we hire. This has been a good thing for SMN and is a good influence on overall Concur culture. This is easy to see in the revived team atmosphere and great business results. 

I’ve appreciated the additional investment in communication & transparency across the team, and increased investments in career growth. These are areas that had been missing for me.
Pros: - Fun and smart coworkers
- My boss values me and my contributions
- Strong team culture
- Ability to make an impact on the business
- Honest, open work environment
- Clear and transparent communication
- Start up culture

Cons: The work is very monotonous but the great people on the team and the great team culture made the monotonous work more bearable. 
The pay isn't very good especially for the SF Bay Area's cost of living. 
The opportunity to advance in this role is very limited, and the opportunity to learn is very limited. 
SAP has too many hiring freezes or budget freezes- this makes it very difficult for a manager to hire even if he or she has an urgent need to.
Advice: Make it easier for employees to move around within the company. 
Make it easier for managers to hire employees.
Pros: Flexibility
Many employees can choose to work from home from one to three days a week depending on your relationship with your manager. 
Many employees have the flexibility to leave at 3 pm to pick up your kids or do other errands and log back in later in the evening. 
Many people on the team are very friendly and willing to help if you need any. 
If approved by one's manager, some employees could work from remote locations with a lower cost of living and maybe visit the California office once a quarter. 

My manager valued your opinion a fair amount. My manager would ask me frequently what the manager could do to improve the team culture or the general team atmosphere.  My manager would also bring this up in team meetings. 
Management would ask you if you are happy or unhappy an what they can do to help you move to the role you ideally want to be in. 

Other perks
Free lunches provided for full-time employees
company matches 401k up to 5%

Cons: Workloads have gotten absurd in recent years. Software is buggy and engineering is focused on developing new features instead of fixing issues, putting support into impossible positions. In essence, you are set up for failure day after day. 

There are very little opportunities for career development within the support organization, and the opportunities that are there are not advertised to the team. The only way for you to get a worthwhile raise is to get a different job within the company, and to leave support altogether. Management is in constant flux, so you never have the opportunity to work with anyone to develop your career in any meaningful way.

You get harassed on a daily basis for updates by other internal teams, and more effort has been put to hire people to micromanage you than to ease the workload.
Advice: Focus on getting people to manageable workloads. Help people develop their careers and give opportunities for raises and other positions within the support organization.
Pros: Extremely flexible. You have the freedom to work from home, and hours can be flexible as long as you are completing your work and participating with the team. 

Very laid back and informal atmosphere. The team is full of smart, hard working people, and there are a lot of opportunities to learn new things. Everyone is happy to help and communicates often. The office is fun, and there is occasional catered lunch and beer on Fridays. You will make many friends. 

SAP is a huge company, and there are tons of opportunities to connect with people around the world.

Cons: SAP is a large organization with over 90,000 employees.  Large organizations can be tricky to navigate and often have many layers.   I believe the advantages outweigh the negatives.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is dedicated to helping businesses run their best and improving the lives of people.  As an SAP SuccessFactors Account Executive, I am proud to play a part in helping people all over the world work smarter.   The power of SAP's mobile applications, like Concur &amp; SuccessFactors,  can set people free from their desks. Freedom enables workers to spend more of the special moments in life with the people that matter.  

SAP's dedication to improving lives is not just externally focused but also internally focused.  SAP has invested in my career and wellbeing.  They have provided me with career specific training, flexibility to work from home, and personal development opportunities.  Recently they sponsored me to attend a wellbeing workshop, facilitated by Thrive Global, that provided ongoing personal coaching.

SAP is a profitable technology company with years of earnings growth.  The organization puts me in a position to lead change in a world full of disruption.   Their best in class employee stock program, Own SAP, has given me a path to grow future wealth and be a shareholder.    

SAP rewards performance.  If you are a motivated worker, willing to learn and are excited about how technology makes the world better - SAP could be the right place for you.

Cons: I had to get everything cleaned before the kids arrived. I set the lunch tables out in The gym for breakfast. Cleaned tables and put away till lunch time. I checked bathrooms throughout the day. I vacuumed and got that done early, along with the garbage. After lunch is over put away tales, take out the garbage, mop tile floors in gym area. Clean up THE kitchen, take out garbage, go over floor with dry mop then damp mop kitchen floor. Your done. Sign your name out on the clip board so the secretaries know your gone for the day. You can leave. It is a good thing I think to be singed out, cause it's for safety.
Advice: I got to the School encoded building and turned on lights. This was in Lakewood. There was a car there one time and I wasn't sure why, but the 🚗 left when I got there early. So that bothered me. Other then that everything went really well when I worked for LakeWood School District.
Pros: Being a Custodian there is easy. People were helpful when needed. I liked working at Lakewood, when I got to work. I wished I was called often. When I did work I really enjoyed it. Another person and me worked at the middle School on swing shift and it was good, cause if I had to ask a question, I would go ask. And when I Subbed at The Elementary, it was fast, easy, and fun. Before I knew it, It was time to GO.

Cons: SAP is a corporate entity like any other; therefore there will be pockets of misunderstandings between employees and their management on certain teams as in any other company. No company has perfect management across the board. But seriously this is truly a very solid and amazing company. No cons to share.

I may be sounding very uppity and high on SAP but trust me, I left and saw the outside. I came running back.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the best companies I have worked with over my career. I actually left for another company and came back because I missed the pro-diversity and pro-collaboration corporate culture where everyone treats each other with respect. I had my first child last year and my management team has been nothing but empathetic and accommodating in providing me flexible work options. I am also very fortunate that my family and I enjoy the best benefits package we have ever seen.

Aside from the fact that the company takes their employees' well-being so seriously, but they have an amazing suite of products. SAP really is going to go places. I am really proud to work for SAP and look forward to more of its success.

Our CEO Bill McDermott is very personable. As an employee I appreciate that when he passes by he takes the time to say hello, shake hands and spend a few minutes. He takes employee feedback and comments in all hands meetings very seriously. He is a great leader and I wish him continued success.

Cons: I would be very interested in hearing the cons that others might have. I just don't have any. Any conflicts and hard times I've had in my 6 years at SAP have always been with individuals. Those things are part of life and will happen at any company. SAP even offers courses on how to communicate with different personality types including difficult ones.
Advice: None
Pros: In my 30-year career I've had the opportunity and pleasure to work for companies large and small. I've worked for fun ad agencies and exciting startups in Silicon Valley. I had worked for 3 different tech and media giants before coming to SAP 6 years ago. I had always heard that SAP was a pretty good place to work and that it treated its employees well. Now I can offer first-hand proof that not only is it true but it has consistently exceeded my expectations. Benefits are the best of any company I've worked for. Work/life balance is taken seriously. Career opportunities abound. Your voice is heard and opinions valued. You truly get out what you put in at SAP. On top of all that, this is a company that cares about not just its employees and its customers but also the world in which we all live. Multiple ways to serve and give back are offered and encouraged. I love the passion lived by CEO Bill McDermott on a daily basis and try to reflect that as best I can.

Cons: The complexity of any global company is difficult to navigate but the reward of having a global impact far outweighs it. I appreciate that SAP is working to drive simplification in our company and companies like us around the world. While some days are hard, I work alongside people who recognize the opportunity we have to change it and that excites me.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a company committed to improving people's lives and the employees work collectively to ensure they deliver on that mission, not only for customers but also for each other. Challenges are inevitable in any workplace and SAP has created a culture that allows colleagues to constructively navigate these challenges through innovation and collaboration without fear of failure. SAP respects a distributed workforce and relies on its global population to influence the company direction which empowers employees to be influential and successful regardless of where they work, even home based employees. The company's desire to build an inclusive workplace, coupled with it's strong brand as an employer, is allowing them to reach underrepresented populations of incredible talent who will find an ally in SAP - a company willing to stray from the norms of systemic oppression, making a deliberate effort to drive parity in the workplace for all demographics of people so that individuals can spend their days developing professionally in an environment that empowers them to bring everything they are in order to become everything they want.

Cons: It can be extremely tough obtaining a full-time job at SAP. It seems to be you have to know someone to get it in. The common path for young talent is to enter as an intern and network internally to find a full-time role. SAP hires a lot of interns and provides them all the opportunity to find a full-time job, but there is only so many full-time jobs available, often leading it to be very competitive. 

Due to the nature of the software industry, technology advances very fast, leading to a constant internal structure change. Sometimes this causes teams to dissolve and new teams to start. This can be a good and a bad thing depending on the field you work in.
Advice: None
Pros: The work environment is amazing. Employees from all teams are easy to engage with and provide guidance if needed. Also, the managers do not breath down your neck while working and are flexible when it comes to working hours. SAP has a ton of resources for career guidance, which is very appealing for a young professional. With this comes encouragement to try out new positions as you progress within your career at SAP. SAP does not want their employees feeling bored with their job, so they provide tons of opportunities to try different jobs out. SAP also compensates their employees more than well and depending on the team they usually let you live in your desired destination.

Cons: No huge cons! I would mention the company size - it's sometimes a bit challenging to coordinate virtual meetings with teams, that can be spread across the world. But this has huge pros, actually - wherever one wants to move, there will almost always be an SAP office nearby and the HR is really supportive with unusual requests.
Advice: Make sure to meet more regularly with your employees and seek internal feedback more actively. It's extremely difficult due to the company size, but I am positive we would be amazed how many great ideas internal colleagues have.
Pros: Huge personal growth opportunities. Huge career progression opportunities, especially for the one willing to relocate or even work from home. Flexible - most jobs allow working from home, ever several times a week - and even for prolonged periods of time, say around the holidays. Things get done, though! 95+% of colleagues are trustworthy, smart individuals who really want to contribute. The hierarchy is not strict at all in the sense that one can always talk to someone way up the ladder without being 'punished' or even discouraged from doing so from their direct manager. Last but not least, this is a great company for diverse people - in every possible sense. We have 5+ generations working together. Different races, religions, beliefs, sexual orientations - come as you are and contribute the best you can!

Cons: The support department feels like a punishment. You receive large volume and are harassed for updates by 4 or 5 different people for most of your tickets. Some issues are technical and require a lot of research and thinking. You can do neither here unless you work extra hours. To make things even more insulting, the people who bother support for updates get paid more than support. Somebody with no technical background at all can get hired on a team called preferred care and their managers reward them for harassing support.

Sales and account representatives lie to customers about functionality and then when the customers get upset we're told that we need better support. Everything falls back on support and all management does is get in our way and make it hard for us to get anything done. Many of the actual issues we troubleshoot have been around since before i started with the company which was years ago. 

When we bring issues up to management we are told that we are being negative and then management just talks about how good we are doing even though its pretty clear that most customers and most employees are miserable. They are out of touch.
Advice: Stop pretending things are okay when they're not. Give employees a reason to stay on a team and learn instead of chasing them off to other teams. A lot of you do not belong in management and are only there because you kiss up at happy hours.
Pros: Work from home options
Free lunches

Cons: Located in South San Francisco so you definitely need a car. There is a shuttle that takes you from South SF BART, but if you're not located near a BART station then a car makes life much easier. Good news is you only have to go into the office 3 days a week.
Advice: Create a system that trains BDRs to move onto an AE position. Maybe allow BDRs to shadow AE's throughout the entire sales cycle so they understand what it's like to close at a high level.
Pros: If you work here you will never go hungry. Management enables you to be successful, and because of that you never stress about hitting your sales number. The compensation is amazing and you get to WORK FROM HOME 2 days out of the week! The BD team is a well oiled machine, and everyone on it genuinely cares about you as a person. I had so much fun working here during my time. 

Other Perks:
-Catered food every Wednesday.
-$150 lunch allowance 
-Amazing well known company that produces cutting edge technology.
-Lots of really intelligent people to learn from.
-BEAUTIFUL OFFICE with tons of free parking. 

If you're a hard worker and enjoy a strategic approach to sales, then this company is a great place to call home.

Cons: As a global player in a globally active company, your team may cover all major time zones.  You will have to be able to self-manage your own time  accordingly, which may be challenging at times.
Advice: Keep the strategic direction into the cloud, and towards the intelligent enterprise suite, infused with intelligent technologies, extended and connected by the digital platform. Employees certainly are  on board with this, please ensure mid-level management comes on board quickly, too
Pros: SAP is a great company to work with. I've been with SAP for over 20 years, and I stand by it. Besides the salary and benefits, it is rewarding to work with customers who are the best in their industry, or thrive to become the best, and being able to show them how using our solutions can make the difference, accelerate scale and growth, help compete or create new business models. The company has strong and inspiring leadership, which empowers us to drive and execute a strategy  we can believe in. The company is flexible enough to allow for multiple career paths: For instance I started in implementation consulting, learned programming on the job, joined development, became a patented inventor, joined product management, and was able to experience diverse  teams on different continents. Would I do it again? Of course!

Cons: There seems to be a culture shift now that we are a part of SAP, as expected.
Advice: Hire people who are hungry, competitive, and appreciative.
Pros: There is incredible upward mobility for those who put their head down, work hard, and don't expect anything to be handed to them. As in many performance-based organizations, many of the negative reviews about unattainable goals or leadership holding employees back, are by low/average performers who expect praise and promotions to be handed to them. I have experienced firsthand how quickly you can move through the ranks if going above and beyond goal is an expectation for oneself. Personally, I would encourage anyone who wants to get their foot in the door at a great company to start in Market Development as it has provided an amazing foundation for future successes in sales roles. Effort is directly correlated to success in this role, so if you come in ready to work hard and earn good money while doing it, this is a fantastic role for you. 

Both directors and managers are ultra-transparent about expectations and run the department as a true meritocracy. Market Development leadership did a great job broadcasting the performance of high performers to leaders of other departments as to help with promotions.

Cons: It's not really a con, but SAP is a highly virtualized environment - meaning you need to build your network.  Your network is how you get things done and push projects through. There are many teams at SAP and you need to quickly learn which ones you should interact with depending on your role.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a great place to work.  There are many things to do, whether you are a code geek,  want to work with customer or partners, sales, marketing - so many roles to choose from.   I switch groups every 3-5 years because there is so much to learn. Other people stay in the same gig their entire career.   One of the things I love most is the diversity of people you get to work with.   You will meet people from all over the world, depending on your role, you may also get to travel all over the world.  I've had positions where I fly every week,  ones where I fly every quarter to other countries, and ones that require no travel.   I work at home or am on the road - so this job fits my life well.  Love working at SAP.

Cons: - Pay is way below market in the valley. Lots of good talents left.
- Some teams responsibilities overlap when each other- which leads to resource waste.
- Career growth may be limited. Management care about achieving KPIs and not focusing on individual career development.
Advice: - Adjust pay to align with market standard, especially for the ones that join SAP straight out of school.
- Clear up each teams responsibilities. No two teams should share the same responsibilities.
- Invest more on career development plan like trainings and provide opportunities for each employee to work on side projects of their choice- it will profit the company in the long. Focusing on yearly KPIs do not solve issues and has failed in the past few years.
Pros: - Lots of opportunities to move around internally- for technical and non-technical roles.
- Flexible work from home policy (can depend on your team). For many senior positions, you can pick up your kids and have flexible hours.
- Free lunches daily (can depend on your location).
- As the company is big, you can easily make connections with different people.
- Lots of opportunities to learn if you look hard enough.
- Best culture in the tech industry- company respects your time and are flexible with your emergencies. Nice coworkers and you will make lifelong friends here.

Cons: 1. High Expectations

Expectations to perform and hit quotas are expected with such a competitive salary/comp structure. Shouldn’t be too much of a surprise to anyone interested in a sales role. 

2. Change

Systems, processes, and personnel change often but that’s expected considering the nature of working at a tech company. Getting into a rhythm will take extra effort but overcoming obstacles in this role will prove to be extremely valuable experience that you will carry with you throughout the rest of your career.
Advice: Upper leadership should sit and shadow reps more often. At least one Sr. Director every quarter should be spending a half day with an individual MDR/team. It’s an easy way to boost morale, and it’ll help fast track the systematic roadblocks that effect MDR efficiencies.
Pros: 1. $$$

Very competitive salary/comp structure for an entry-level sales role. Plenty of opportunity to make great money at this position.

2.) Company culture (best part of the job)

This team is full of fun and smart people that you’ll actually enjoy working with. You’ll build friendships and make connections that will last for years. 

3.) Professional and personal development

Sales, marketing, operations - whatever area you’d like to learn or develop skills, this team and position will provide you with the opportunity to do so.

Cons: Like any big company, the organization can be difficult to navigate and at times it appears there is overlap between groups causing confusion.   I always look for peers that have been with the company 20+ years ( and there are a lot) to help with matrix navigation
Advice: None
Pros: I've been with SAP for 5 years and have nothing but great things to say about this company.  I've been in IT focused roles for 32 years as a PwC consultant, CIO, sales manager, partner manager and now a product manager, spanning five different companies.  After spending most of my career in management roles, I joined SAP as in individual contributor.  I've been amazed at how much they value my experience and work hard to ensure that I'm challenged and able to completely utilize my intellectual property for the company and our customers.  Unlike the last MAJOR global software company where I spent 13 years and was extremely political, discouraged individual contributors, and prided themselves on stress factor, SAP seems very focused on people, work-life balance, and a team culture.  I actually love going to work everyday and feel valued and appreciated which strengthens my  loyalty and dedication to this company.  Highly recommend.

Cons: SAP is big, and moves slow. 
Change is managed by huge teams, with an emphasis on 'manage', not getting it done.  
At least in the US, SAP embraces the hire/fire mentality: if a team becomes obsolete in the eye of a VP, there's no support for individual team members to find alternative positions within the company: no matter how experienced, talented and skilled these people are, how long they have been with the company.  No sanity check by HR. As a result, loyalty is heavily affected, especially among the younger generations.
Advice: Take care of your talent.
Pros: SAP is big, and will stick around.
Much depends on the manager: does she / he take care of the team members, or strictly manage up for own career goals. I have experienced both, and if you are lucky, this will be a great company to work for.
The company's willingness to move to cloud is there, with considerable investment to implement change: which is amazing to observe and be part of.

In general, the US offices are good facilities to work, working from home is mostly not an issue.

Cons: This is a Software company that is focused only on license sales...even though it pulls in more revenue from Services.   The "mothership" Corporate HQ in Germany tries to push European values and work practices on employees.
Advice: When everyone is in charge, no one is in charge.    Too many inexperienced young people who all have different bosses.  This allows these overpriced wonderkund to pursue their personal agendas and not focus on getting the company into the Managed Services market that it needs to be in to compete.    Also, it's time to "honestly" develop "Trusted Agent" relationships with customers and move away from pure ERP Sales.  Sales force has to be restructured to support the Managed Services market.  BTW, your Customer base doesn't really want HANA, particularly S/4, because they don't want to pay your high license fees and do a complete Re-implementation. Fix your product! Meaning S/4 HANA!
Pros: Name recognition when dealing with Professionals.
Decent benefits.  Decent attempt to create Work/Life balance for employees.  They treat you as an adult when you attend industry events and submit travel expenses.  Always willing to support training.

Cons: There are two challenge areas that I've found, and neither are insurmountable.  First, it's a huge organization, so learning my way around "the matrix" took time.  Fortunately, I was given ample time to ramp up in my role, so although daunting, the matrix can be conquered.
Advice: Keep it up!  You've created a great organization and culture at SAP.
Pros: I've never worked for another company that values their employees the way SAP does.  The culture is welcoming, supportive, and collaborative, and the calibre of brainpower and talent  at SAP exceeds any other organization I've known.  There are numerous succession paths (which I have been encouraged to explore), and SAP truly supports career progression.   SAP also places enormous value on humanistic values, and leads initiatives - both internal and external - to promote diversity, equality, and education both in their own workforce and around the globe.  Additionally, SAP encourages innovation across the business, regardless of role - there are no "bad ideas" and all are encouraged to try new ways of doing things.   I love my job, my team and the company.

Cons: As I said, it's a fast-paced environment! On the Cloud side of the business, we have quarterly product releases. I'm a trainer/course developer and must be super-efficient when learning the new features and rolling-out updates to my courses every three months. Sometimes it does get stressful.
Advice: I appreciate that the SAP leadership keeps the company focused on cutting-edge technology and solutions that our customers need (even if they don't yet know they need it!) 
In a company with almost 100,000 employees, it's nearly impossible to get the right information to the right people in a timely way, but SAP does a pretty darn good job.
Pros: I love my job. My role is stimulating and fulfilling, and I get to work with a smart team and supportive managers. I work from home, and have flexibility in my schedule. It's a fast-paced environment, which I thrive on. I am very pleased with my salary and benefits and equipment. I feel that the company cares about me as a person, and I love the outreach that SAP and SAP's employees do for others in the world. I feel lucky to be part of this organization.

Cons: *"Cold" calling
*Change - lots of moving parts/goals/objectives at times 
*Relationships with sales partners (RSE's) can be challenging
Advice: Keep up the good work!

I've been at SAP Concur for a little over a year now. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend a family member or friend for a job here. The MDR role itself is a challenging role, one that requires a thick skin and the ability to not get rattled by the inevitable "No's" that come with the territory. Being a successful MDR has ability to set you up for the next step in your professional career. The leaders I have had the opportunity to work under/for/with have been fantastic. My career so far has been one highlighted by those same leaders constantly challenging &amp; encouraging me in order to bring out successes that I didn't believe I was capable of. I know I'm forever grateful for my time in the MDR organization.
Pros: *Lack of micro-management
*Pay - Base + Commission
*Benefits, PTO, sick time, etc.
*Strong culture, employees on the floor really enjoy being around each other - in/out of office
*Supportive leadership - both direct and Director level
*Career growth opportunities
*Recognition, awards, incentives

Cons: It All Depends....on who you are working for, what group and if you don't see your job change every year do the continuous reorganizations.  If you want the work/life balance most o us do that's fine....just be prepared to party with the key management folks weekly or you will be on the outside looking in due to the high level of office politics.  Products are very expensive and many often wonder it they are worth it.  Many companies have spent millions on SAP software; have they received the ROI/Benefits promised?  Perhaps some have but many have not.  Many other choices out there with similar functionality for a fraction if the cost.  SHOP AROUND!!!  And if your company somehow gets out of compliance with the terms of your agreement the SAP software compliance police will be out to get you every quarter/year.  And you don't want to have that discussion!
Advice: How about respecting employees that don't "drink the Koolaid" and put SAP above God, Family and Country???? How about less politics and more advancement through results and abilities versus who drinks with the bosses evert week?
Pros: Large product set that can be sold into many vertical markets.

Cons: The company's global nature leads to frequent virtual meetings, with few in-person meetings based on your location. If you want more in-person interaction, you need to go to the office. Yet sometimes the office isn't heavily trafficked, depending on the location. This is usually mitigated by travel to meet your team at events throughout the year.
Advice: Keep up the great work. Your investments in your people will continue to have a high ROI and differentiate SAP from its competitors.
Pros: SAP's management understands that employees work harder when they feel valued and empowered.  Management truly believes in SAP's mission as a purpose-driven organization and encourages employees to bring their whole selves to work. 

SAP also promotes work-life balance. The company's global nature creates an environment where your work product speaks for itself, not the hours of face time you put in at the office. Accordingly, most employees can easily work without any negative consequences or judgement. This is great for working parents and other employees who value the flexibility to create their own schedules.

Cons: - At times the sales floor could be gossipy and felt like high school all over again
- The competition is cheaper and at this point probably as good of a product if not better
- Once SAP took over, key leaders left, some whom made a huge impact on the culture
- Territory can be good or very bad 
- Little or no diversity on the sales floor
Advice: Bring back the culture Concur was known for with inspiring leaders. Make it one product instead of Professional and Standard. Hire more diversity on the sales floor. Thank you for the opportunity!
Pros: - Work-life balance... need a day away from the office? No problem.
- Earning potential (base could be a bit higher though)
- Tools available to succeed (software, territory partners, director, solutions consultant)
- End of month/quarter energy and excitement 
- Solution consultants are very helpful and knowledgeable 
- Plenty of coffee and drinks in the kitchen, lunch provided for most days during the last week of the quarter
- Directors want you to succeed and are willing to help out in any way

Cons: SAP is a premier employer and  making great strides to attract the best and the brightest.  This in turn fosters an extremely competitive environment which can be conducive to burn out.
Advice: Find the balance between great expectations and allowing room for failure that does not stifle teams from experimenting with new ideas and taking calculated risks.  Also recognizing the need to match the passion for work with the ability to take time off or allow decompression time.
Pros: SAP has enabled me to have the flexibility to get my job done with a flexible schedule in terms of both location and timing.  In other words, I get my job done working where I need to and when I need to.  

As well, SAP demonstrated a lot of integrity by allowing me to move to a new position when I encountered health issues that required a less stressful environment.

Finally, I appreciate that I can be honest about my work requirements and that SAP has been honest with me about what options are available.

Cons: SMN Marketing has struggled with poor leadership and high turnover for years, and unfortunately the trend is still going strong. The leadership lacks basic marketing principles and will challenge your morals and lie to achieve the results they want. More than two dozen employees have come and gone from that team in a matter of a few years and you will be next if you decide to join the ranks.
Advice: You are continuing to lose the best people who are in the trenches running the business. Make the necessary changes at the top or else you'll be left with the shell of a marketing team, ran by a sales leader, that does not produce anything other than false results and more turnover.
Pros: SAP Concur as a whole is a good company with tons of opportunity. Unfortunately, areas of the business are very flawed, specifically the SMN Marketing Team.

Cons: There are a some in management who have been there forever and some who just shouldn’t be there anymore.  In particular the ones who get by while treating people terribly, and gleefully climbing over the top of them at any cost.  All under the guise of being so nice. In reality just very very weak people who should go.  No value added management. Very threatened by and takes credit for the success of those doing the work.  Some sent to foreign posts - But still there nonetheless. Just stay away. Some people can’t be trusted and are outright slimy.
Advice: Snakes in the grass are still snakes. SAP is exposed to legal issues if this person keeps it up. You can’t un-ring a bell.  And it is the me too era.  Look at the VPs who have long bloody paths of turnover of top performers with cases that don’t sound right with severance payments. These people cost the company so much more than money and need to be cleaned out.
Pros: The hype sounds great. If it were only true for all employees. Read between the lines.

Cons: License and services can be brought even closer, which makes getting holistic discussions going more easy.  You need to be proactive to really be successful because responsibility does come with empowerment
Advice: Continue integrating the different solution pillars within services; continue integrating networks, services and license. Don't ever stop making the definition our success through the success of our clients.
Pros: SAP takes both it customers and its community commitments seriously. We are driving a technology culture that believes in innovation with purpose - extending the existing culture of defining our success in terms of our customers and creating a better life and way of doing things by simplifying process, We really believe in it, which is pretty motivating. I also see such a strong commitment to the community - broadly through our Next Gen center, adoption of UN principles, and locally through involvements here. There is also lots of encouragement and opportunity for training and expanding skills or learning new ones.

Cons: Tons of turnover, Inexperienced Management, They tell 40+ employees that they can all advance after 1 year while also hiring externally
Advice: Be realistic when talking to employees about their career advancement and where they are at. Be upfront and tell them what they have to do to get where they want to go. Don't play employees against each other when they are all working hard to grow the company and market share. A lot of great people and friends are put in awkward situations when it comes to career advancement because management tells everyone that they can move up after one year in market development which is completely false. The company is also constantly hiring externally while playing their internal employees against each other. This forces great employees to leave because they are undervalued. Some MDR's are promoted after 1 year and others are still working as an MDR after 3-4 years.
Pros: Good culture, Possible advancement, Fun coworkers

Cons: Sometime a bit to heavy handed financial controls from HQ in Germany interferes with effective staffing/business execution in the field. Legacy on-premise attitudes are still entrenched in some areas, causing delivery hurtles that need extra effort to overcome.  the necessary competitive moves toward greater utilization of off-shore and near shore delivery centers is a necessity, but dilutes the quality of delivery as these less experiences tech-implementers do not have the same business domain experience as the regular consultants.
Advice: Beware of jumping too much on the off-shoring bandwagon to compete with the other large delivery competitors - it dilutes the quality f delivery in the cloud space for some products.

Keep up the strong focus, leadership, and transparency!
Pros: Leading edge technology/software company with competitive pay and benefits. Top company for social awareness and consistently among the best companies to work for in various surveys. Strong &amp; focused senior leadership communicates the mission well for the whole organization. Major change management from on-premise to cloud-based culture is progressing well.

Cons: SAP is a large company. Navigation inside the company can often seem onerous.  Onboarding processes and technical support particularly for remote employees exists but needs significant improvements (e.g. business cards and technology available on or before Day 1, ongoing technology support for phones and laptops / tablets for field employees challenging).
Advice: Continue leading according to the vision. Maintain consistent communications with employees at all levels. Continue to ensure buy in and reinforcing culture at middle management levels.
Pros: SAP is a very large organization offering multiple pathways to career success. Many employees and management have re-invented themselves over 20+ year careers. Few companies can boast such a "perform and stay" approach to employee talent across many generations of workers.

SAP ended formal performance reviews in 2017.  SAP Talk is the conversational, immediate feedback approach supported by only documentation.  For employees the feedback is more corrective and coaching.  For managers the time consuming task of annual performance appraisals is eliminated.

Cons: Depending on your immediate manager, you may not be encouraged to proceed in your career. Also seems that the company is not open to employees switching to other positions or trying new things. Innovation and design thinking are buzzwords at SAP, but that seems to be where it ends.
Advice: Allow your employees to follow their interests and talents. Just because someone has worked in a field for some time does NOT mean that they want to continue there. Open your mind to other opportunities, fellowships, and suggestions made by employees. Most times it is good for the company as a whole if you'd just see it that way. When you say you encourage fellowships, give employees time to do fellowships! The best manager I've had saw talents in me and suggested ways I could channel those talents within the team. It would be great if more managers would do that.
Hiring freezes are almost always counterproductive - when they are lifted everyone hurries to hire so that they don't lose the headcount. Many times, they don't take the time to select the right candidate.
Pros: Benefits, higher-than-normal number of vacation days

Cons: The only downside is that if you're "home grown SAP," meaning you started from the bottom and worked your way up, your salary will be significantly less than someone who is hired in at your position.
Advice: Fix the salary discrepancy of those who are "home grown SAP" as compared to those who are hired in from the outside as consultants.
Pros: SAP has a fantastic company culture. If you want to move up in the organization, the best thing you can do is help other people. There are a ton of training opportunities, and a whole host of other employees willing to help you out if you get stuck on something. Our executive board is full of real people, who are happy to chat with you no matter what your level is within the company. Further, our benefits are better than most other companies in the US, and our salaries are very competitive. It's a low-hierarchy, feel good, profitable company!

Cons: Internal processes: Too big to fail and therefore there is no hurry to do anything, Too bureaucratic and hierarchical. 
If it doesn't work in Germany, difficult to get HQ to understand the business, cultural and process issues.  
People stay too long in the company; lifers.
Great place to hide and get away with doing nothing if that is your motivation.
Employees based in Germany are never fired no matter how ridiculous they are.
Advice: More high level, senior management and their business units should reside in the US.
They should keep better track of employee production (outside of engineering and sales) because too many people take advantage and they are not working very hard. I have heard employees actually say they want to work for SAP because they hear that they don't have to work too hard.
Pros: Flexible work schedule, often can work from home, job security. 
Great place to hide and get away with doing nothing if that is your motivation.
Truly devoted to their customers.
Great diversified portfolio of products.

Cons: Sales organization is still as cutthroat as any, shifting culture in HCM business is not  positive. Quotas unrealisticall high in some LOBs, so that reps are not making  quotas at a rate that you would expect in a high growth business. High SG&A is not well understood, so attempts to reduce SG&A remain ineffective. Cutting sales compensation does not reduce SG&A. 

Customer technical support is very poor and SAP has only taken small steps to improve it, without success. It requires a total overhaul.
Advice: Maintain the focus on culture. Keep growing the cloud business through acquisition.  Keep it up!
Pros: Strong CEO, trusted by the capital markets.  SAP invests in its employees, excellent stock plans. Cloud business is growing very well. Sounds technical strategy an dlong term prospects are very positive. I maximmize stock purchases because I believe in the company. It is fun to work with smart and motivated people who take pride in their work.

Cons: Commission payments - the company will find excuses not to pay. Don’t trust that they will honor a commission plan.
HIGHLY political environment slowing or limiting any ability to close new business
Sales team that lives off of customer audits to get deal done
Advice: SAP has become a hostile work environment for anyone working with Enterprise accounts.  I can never recommend SAP as a good place to work in sales because of the commission issue including: carve outs (Need to make a number so the rep selling value gets punished), commissions not being paid on multi-million dollar accounts because the “above the law” team takes over an account.  There is a lack of talent because of the lack of innovation and customer success.  People don’t won’t to work in a company where the company doesn’t care about customer success.
Pros: Work from home
Older technology that customers are locked into creating easy sales opportunities

Cons: With over 70,000 employees, it was difficult to navigate the organization to get to the best resource to help clients.  There is some bad behavior within the culture from certain employees that goes unnoticed.  Regardless of their diversity program for women, there still was an imbalance of women to men in leadership, and the "good ol boys" club ruled.

From a customer perspective, many were frustrated due to lack of true integration between products and long spanning implementation and services projects.
Advice: Ensure that  your diversity program is not just for show, but that women are promoted into the upper ranks.  And streamline processes to make it easier to get clients the attention they need.
Pros: There are a lot of perks at SAP.  They have a diversity program for women, specifically in leadership, which shows the value the place on women and diversity.  They strive to be innovative and to create a culture of engagement.

Cons: It can be fast paced and sometimes stressful. But I think that is true of any company, especially in the technology sector. That said, I think the work life balance really helps with this.
Advice: SAP really regards its employees as its best asset. Please keep it up!
Pros: SAP is a great place to work. You get the chance to work with customers and colleagues all over the world on interesting projects. SAP does a great job of incorporating purpose into its overall mission. They offer great benefits (including a great stock ownership plan) and many possibilities for people who are willing to work hard, and continuously learn about the technology and the business challenges of our customers. 
There's always a chance to help a customer or a colleague in your daily work. Even though it can be a fast paced environment, SAP does a great job of affording a reasonable work life balance.

Cons: Performance of senior executives who report to German superiors are not monitored 
Competent employees are sometimes rewarded with more work while underperforming employees are not punished or removed because of red tape
HR business partners and recruiters have a poor service attitude
Advice: Improve working relationship between HR business partners and recruiters and managers and employees
Pros: Many opportunities for development and growth
Diverse initiatives to learn about and/or get involved in
Funded and organized volunteer opportunities
Great cafeteria
A steady stream of speakers from all walks of life to improve employee engagement
Constantly improving technology for collaboration and efficiency
Fast and effective IT services and equipment
Executives share their perspective and vision with the company in live conversations, always with question-and-answer at the end
Diverse networking opportunities
Structured and funded opportunities to work abroad
Internal transfers are supported and encouraged
Culture of flexibility, autonomy, and trust
Working from home is encouraged
Many different organizations to get involved with

Cons: Terrible leadership, especially in marketing
Lots of top down decision making, everyone else is just a pawn
Constant re-orgs based on internal politics
Old systems and ways of working
Too large of a company, half the people don't do anything value add
Old style of marketing &amp; lots of people in charge who lack talent &amp; just play games constantly to increase their visibility
Serious lack of diversity at the top
Poor benefits. Only 12 weeks of maternity leave partially paid, okay healthcare but not great, no free food or snacks, very stingy on holidays.
Stodgy brand and products that aren't #1 in the market and there is no plan or true innovation to get there
Advice: Simplify! Less people, less teams, less products, simpler communications/marketing. Stop with the constant politics on the board. Fix your marketing leadership, marketing has become a joke with the lack of direction.
Pros: Competitive compensation
Good work life balance, no one works that hard here

Cons: It's a big company, so it can be difficult to identify who to contact within different business groups/teams to address client questions - difficult, but not impossible.  I haven't faced an issue yet that couldn't be resolved (meeting or exceeding) to the client's satisfaction.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing - I love working at a thriving company that cares about what we are doing in the world!
Pros: Integrity and honesty is a staple, supportive leadership, great strategic direction and two very tangible cultural phenomenons:  1) truly customer centric, with top level directives all the way down focused on doing what's best for the client and 2) valuing the SAP employees and colleagues.  Strong benefits, bonus opportunities, referral programs, paid time off to volunteer...simply a GREAT place to enjoy a career , with growth opportunities and many offerings available for professional development.

Cons: As with most corporations, it seems like there's constant reorganizations going on that sometimes makes it difficult to navigate our internal silos.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: My personal experience is that management gives you the independence to do your job, but are there to support you when needed.  The work itself is very fulfilling and every day is a new adventure.  I tell everyone that they should work for a German company as the benefits and focus on work life balance are the best I've ever had.  As an example, I had 12 weeks paid maternity leave with the birth of my last child.  I'm currently at over 25 days of vacation.  I'm also a remote worker, working from home and the flexibility this affords is amazing and the only reason I'm remotely sane as a working mother of 3.

Cons: Like all large companies, sometimes it's a bit difficult to change direction of the ship.  Changes do get done, just sometimes slower than we would like to see.   Also due to the size there are sometimes layers to get through to get something approved or get work done.   While SAP is working through this trying to make everything more "Simple" we still have a ways to go.
Advice: Keep employees first, and customers first (in that order).  Customers are critical, but continued focus on your most important asset will ensure that customers are always taken care of.
Pros: Great company that not only talks about employee focus, but actually lives it.  It's one of the few organizations I have belonged to that really believes employees are the most important asset and treat them accordingly.  Great benefits, great opportunities, good total rewards.

Cons: It seems like every year, it gets worse and worse to be in sales at SAP. They constantly raise quotas by 50-200% year over year. My quota from last year went up 250%. They cut down the number of accounts you can have, and they constantly take out products from your sales bag and either don't give you credit for them but still have you support those conversations or they give the products to everyone to sell. There is a ton of competition against your own people at accounts. It's honestly like how Oracle used to be.
Advice: Find a way to achieve your move to being a cloud company other than screwing your sales people.
Pros: SAP is pretty good about their stock program, 401K and medical benefits. Working at a place with a recognizable brand name helps.

Cons: With 93K+ employees, it's a hard place to get big things done. It doesn't offer the flexibility and upside wealth potential of a start-up, but you can have a solid career making a difference in the world and do reasonably well for you and your family.
Advice: Keep focused on the Digital Enterprise strategy. Stay humble!
Pros: The benefits, compensation, perks, time-off and overall corporate culture is second to none. You definitely feel that SAP cares for you not just as an employee, but as if you were part of a large interconnected SAP family. The company tries to invest in the right programs to develop and reward people, and puts employees at the center of it's key decisions. Helping other organizations run better using best in breed technology drives employees here. You feel inspired by great colleagues on a regular basis.

Cons: It is hard to get into SAP - I have referred friends but the competition is fierce and interview cycles can be long.

We are working to improve diversity here but there are many programs in place and employee and leadership led initiatives to improve our diversity.  In my experience, the culture is a place where everyone is welcome to be who they are but we need to do better at recruiting more diverse talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people, interesting work, amazing culture supporting us to bring our true selves to work, tons of opportunities (openness and support to transfer across teams, if desired), authentic leaders, flexibility to balance the rest of your life, year-round volunteer opportunities and support to give back to the communities where we live and work.

Cons: My personal experience is my manager was given a team they never wanted, and would rather remain in development than management. They are ill prepared to deal with conflict, and treats their employees unequally.  It's been made clear that career opportunities and flex work arrangements (a 'benefit' of employment) are rewarded unjustly. 
The questionnaires passed out by HR are worded such that any real concerns aren't brought to light, and direct confrontation sheds light on the fact that any issues should be swept under the rug.
Advice: Get management with management experience, or provide training to assist with those struggling in the role. Also, don't promote people who've made it clear they would rather stay in a development role than a managerial position. Their disinterest in management will become quickly apparent to their team, especially when they also haven't be given any guidance or training on how to be a manager.
Pros: Interesting work and great opportunity to work with people from around the globe.

Cons: Be prepared to work hard and be rewarded nicely for your hard work.
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: I originally started working for Ariba quite a few years ago and came to work for SAP as a result of the acquisition of Ariba by SAP in 2012. Since the acquisition, I have seen Ariba, now SAP Ariba, grow and flourish like never before. With the help of our parent, SAP, we have innovated more in the last 5 years than in the prior 10 years combined. Further, SAP is such a great company to work for that I've never been more happy and satisfied with my job and my earnings. I am very proud to call SAP my employer and most importantly, the place where I feel at home and a solid career.

Cons: One of the downsides is that it is hard to know where to go for information as there are so many departments and teams and group emails.  Having a better directory of team/departments/emails would be helpful.
Advice: Keep allowing the flexibility in work life balance.  that is a HUGE win in my book.  Sell it more during the interview process.
Pros: I have worked for several other companies on my way here to Fieldglass and I can say, without hesitation, that SAP Fieldglass gets it.  They do not micromanage, they are flexible, caring, understanding and make it a joy to come to work each day.  I have been given the opportunity to work from home, leave early and many other work life balance requests.  My manager is supportive and encouraging to my career development.

Cons: The  Market Development team has gone through a roller coaster of management in the past 2-3 years. The current regime has caused a severe downturn in morale, productivity, and trust in the process, and unfortunately Concur as a whole.

The rest of the managers have a lot of potential, but are forced to abide by upper management's leadership style. The major issue that I ran into was that I constantly was being talked to like a child rather than a working professional. An awesome pro of working for Concur was their benefits including 25 days PTO, however if you take a vacation, and do not hit your goal (which is astronomically high, while only increasing) you will be chastised. In fact, some were asked "do you really think you should take that PTO over Christmas with how your month is going?" 

The job itself is difficult enough, cold calling is difficult enough. The job of leadership is to be selfless, to be a part of the grind, and to MOTIVATE people, rather than showing up late, leaving early, taking constant PTO, but then belittling their employees when they want the same (or similar) freedoms.

You will also need to be in seat for a minimum of 1 year, while attaining the high quota consistently to be eligible for a promotion. Elsewhere in the organization it is based on merit and production for a promotion, however in Market Dev the leadership (primarily directors) were more worried about hitting their own numbers, and how much you can help pad their pockets than your career development. They will do whatever they can to keep the  top performers on their team to help themselves, rather than helping you progress in your career within Concur.

One final con: At Concur, and now SAP Concur you are a part of an incredible organization that strives to change businesses and lives of their employees as well as yours as an employee of SAP Concur. In Market Development, you are told NOT to attend the all hands meetings, the team celebration lunches, etc. because that time is better suited with you on the phone. This completely secludes the MDR teams from the bigger picture, and thus makes you feel like nothing but a number
Advice: When I left the morale of the Market Development floor was at an all time low, and only sinking further.

I would recommend  for upper leadership to take a deep look at how the MDR's are currently being trained, coached, and how they are being compensated. 

Unfortunately when I left, top performers were the unhappiest on the floor, because the light at the end of the tunnel was being forced smaller and smaller
Pros: -Concur has unlimited opportunities for career growth (once out of Market dev.)
-The people you work with are fun, friendly, and you will want to hang out out with them outside of work
-The product is amazing, and if you are able to get to a point in the company that you get to sell the product and not a meeting, it really is a value-added service
-Great Benefits

Cons: If you have worked for the company for little longer, there is view that you are not ready for new challenges.. your ideas are stale.  You have to be on the good side of the Directors in R&amp;D. You cant challenge them and cant disagree with them. I wish Upper management talk to team other than Directors to get the view of the department.

 I have seen people quit the company and join back, to get a Hike, promotion and to get to work on new technology.  They are forced to do it. I wish they give training and enough challenge to employees who love Concur and love work life balance.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Acquisition of Concur by SAP, actually helped the company to look into their tech debt. The company is investing on the technical debt.

Cons: Very large company, so things often don't move quickly, and sometimes hard to figure out who the right person is to help solve your problem.  Can be political, but for me personally, it's more what I've heard, and not what I've experienced personally.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great benefits and pay, which is pretty standard in Tech.  What I love most is the diversity - young and old, differently abled, many religions, different colors, accents, LGBTQ...pretty much any kind of diversity you can think of, you will see it, experience it, live it, celebrate it at SAP.  Another big plus is the flexibility.  Many people work remotely and bosses typically seem to be respectful of family and other commitments.

Cons: A recent Leadership change has caused a mass exit of marketers on this team. MQL targets that were unreasonable and lacking ability to track due to broken systems were all that mattered even if burned the team out and poor customer experience. We worked crazy hours and constantly blamed and bullied in team settings. Unless you are on the Dream Team brought in externally expectation was to keep your mouth shut and do what are told. This was not the Concur I knew, we always supported each other, valued advice and input.
Advice: Review the amount of talent that has recently left including exit interviews. Hiring a sales leader to run marketing without basic marketing knowledge, along with bullying management style has created poor morale and has caused the talented hard workers to leave.
Pros: Working for Concur was great until leadership change this year in SMN Marketing. I would recommend working for Concur and other marketing teams just not that group.

Cons: SAP has become a very large organization with around 100k employees. Having been here 18 years it has lost some of its internal culture but I guess that is to be expected when you have experienced such growth.
Advice: SAP is still very much a top down company.  Make it easier for employees with ideas to percolate these ideas to the top.
Pros: Been here over 18 years.  Like the industry, SAP is constantly evolving with the times and has come from Mainframe, to Client Server, to the Web and now is a force in Cloud Computing.  What has impressed me the most is that SAP will invest and retrain its employees as opposed to going out finding those new skills.
If you like learning new skills, this is the place for you.

Cons: Everyone is at risk every day. Making your number is not job security. Some Line leaders engage in inappropriate monitoring of emails, calendars, and stealth eavesdropping on phone calls. In their quest to make the annual goal managers have become shells of their former selves. A lot more best  left unsaid.
Advice: Inspect what you expect. Go deeper in the organization than your staff which is filtered and  managed. Employees  are inspired to do great things. Give them leaders and not bricklayers.  Ideas and activity are pent up. Tap your resources. Woman continue as a minority and poor conditions continue. Fire HR as they are complicit.
Pros: It has been a good place to work and SAP Global Leaders aspire to instilling goals supporting and rewarding employees.

Cons: There is always a chance that a team you like doesn't have headcounts due to organizational changes, even if they say they have headcounts, because they need your free work in their teams.
Advice: Care less about being on time and look at performance
Pros: Great program that lets new grads find out their true passion in technology. With a CS degree, you can explore in dev, QA, design and PM roles. One year, four rotations. Best benefit is meeting so many people in different teams, work/life balance, and trip to Germany. Highly recommended even if salary is not as good as FB or Google in Silicon Valley. Moreover, there are lots of training resources available for you in between rotations.

Cons: Like any big company you can expect to deal with some complexity and should be prepared  to navigate this!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an amazing company with a fantastic culture that's highly supportive and where everybody has a common goal of doing innovative work. There's a lot of flexibility for different working arrangements around family or other personal commitments - it's a very people-centered company, and in a very genuine way, with the right support, investment and structures to enable these different arrangements. There's also plenty of well supported opportunities to work in different roles and geographies.

Everyone is focused on delivering high quality work and you should be prepared to be held highly accountable for that level of quality and impact but this work is highly rewarding.

Cons: If you are not able to establish a good network or don't have a mentor it's sometimes hard to advance your career in the often times fast spinnig software industry.
Advice: Starting at SAP straight from school / university might not lead to the salary you expect when you reach 30 years of age. This is what always bothered me and I had to fight hard to get the pay somebody hired from outside would get doing my job.
Pros: Global company, with lots of opportunities in very different areas, be it in Finance, R&amp;D, Sales, Marketing or Service. And basically all job profiles you can imagine are needed: teachers for our learning solutions, medical doctors in the Healthcare Industry unit,  farmers for our agriculture engagement etc.

Cons: I don't even know where to begin. I put "people" under  but that didn't mean mean they are technically sound. QA Dept is the worst of all. That should tell u how cheap, unstable and buggy the product is. Before I left, I heard a lot how the product is perceived in the market. And let me tell you it's NOT good. 
This company pays way below market rate so if you are in dire need for a job then work here. Otherwise work here and keep looking for job outside.
Advice: Focus on stability of the product.
Pros: - People
- Flexible work hours

Company is in good location. Many other tech companies nearby. No other pros. Glassdoor is asking me add 20 words.

Cons: The employee atmosphere here is really good.  My only real "ding" is with many of their cloud products.  They really don't have their act together and it makes it difficult and sometimes demoralizing to compete against other much more nimble and user friendly firms.
Advice: You're trying hard to be a cloud company but you have a long ways to go.  Not sure if your executive management really understands the cloud.  Almost all are legacy SAP On-Premise guys.
Pros: I'm a second time around employee and was at another firm for 7 years in between. SAP is a far better place to work for now.  Previously it was much more controlled out of Germany.  Today it's a much better environment to work and thrive in.

Cons: Very difficult to break in at the entry level. They pretty much only hire existing interns into entry level positions, so if you're looking to get into the company right after college or in your early career, the internship is the real entry-level position.
Advice: None
Pros: -They allowed me to work from home full time when we relocated for my spouse's job
-Work life balance
-Great vacation days (you start out with 15 + 5 personal days, so essentially 20 right off the bat)
-Great pay, and in my position I essentially have unlimited overtime opportunities to make more money when needed
-Great overall benefits (tuition reimbursement, 12 weeks paid maternity leave + 4 weeks of part time transition back to work at full time pay, medical benefits are good)

Cons: Many levels of management in some parts of the organization, you may feel as if you're lost if you're used to a smaller company.
Advice: Reduce levels of management to reduce complexity and overhead.  Eliminate barriers to further collaboration (i.e., sales splits prevent you from providing support to other regions).
Pros: SAP allows and encourages you to bring "everything you are."  That applies to your talents, your skills, your knowledge and abilities as well as your whole personality.  The opportunities are limitless for those with the desire, drive, and talent to achieve.  People are friendly and collaborative, willing to help without reservation.  SAP has it's collective eye on the future and is working to maintain relevance in today's hyper-competitive enterprise software market.

Cons: Heavy workload, sometimes feels disconnected because so many people work from home and are so work focused, can be hard to get pay increases, products disjointed.
Advice: Senior leadership is great, but a lot of variance in mid management, can be hard to find out about career opportunities before they're filled.  Move faster to integrate Cloud solutions and create synergies between the businesses.
Pros: Strong diversity, very smart coworkers, lots of career opportunity if you have a good manager, strong compensation, good benefits, ability to shape your position, a lot of people following their passions, truly a Global working environment.

Cons: SAP is trying to find a clear direction in the current era of Cloud, IOT ,Big data and Analytics post ERP.  A fierce competition from Cloud providers Salesforce, Workday, Mulesoft(Now part of SalesForce) and even AWS is bringing the SAP to its knees where I see clear pressure on both front sales and support. HANA Product quality is still not matured even after 8 years since 1st launch. That all creating pressure, frustration in customers as well as employees.
Advice: Work as a team with customer and improve the quality of the product.
Pros: Work life balance, peer to peer learning and a lot of loyal employees

Cons: SAP is a large company, and with that there can be pitfalls. There have been acquisitions and some challenges with change management there, but it is getting better. Additionally I have had felt unheard on some criticisms on occasion - which is definitely an area of improvement.
Advice: Listen to your staff - give them credit for their ideas, don't just take them and implement them. With acquisitions and acquired team take more time and care in the transition.
Pros: SAP has a lot of positives that make it an extremely attractive workplace. The work-life balance is fantastic, and in my tenure here I have never felt like no one cared about my health, family, personal emergencies. Additionally benefits and pay are top notch.

Cons: Too many bully tactics used by leadership.  Leaders who yell at, use high-pressure communication, can't be acceptable.  Beating the drum harding may get the result- but kill the engagement, and impact customers directly.  Still way too little diversity - and that goes for style as well as race/gender.  Need to make "autocratic command and control" tactics unacceptable instead of rewarding with promotions.  We need "leaders of the future"  - why are our most motivational leaders leaving, or being shown the door? people will follow and go above and beyond for leaders who empower them and provide a real vision based on a true knowledge and passion for the field.  Recent changes in leadership in HR Cloud business is right out of the "old SAP model" - quickly dissipating energy and motivation of very talented people.  Everyone has their head down to stay out of the way.  NOT the  culture we want.    
- Career options:  I cannot tell you how many "Fast Track" employees have applied for jobs internally, and never even gotten a response.  We totally should be handling internal applicants differently- any time a "Fast Track/High Performing Employee" applies for a job internally - the golden glove should come out.  Why are they looking to move?  is there an issue?  this is data that should trigger a response by management - not just recruiting.  It should include a coaching session to understand what they are looking to do, the full context, and then actively look for a role for them.  YES - a high-performing employee should have an advantage, AND research says they cost less, and add more value.  Why aren't we leveraging this? In the last 2 years, way too many talented people I know left because there was "nothing" here for them.  They couldn't find a job internally - and we make it way too hard to make a lateral move without sacrificing compensation.  This is a real opportunity for us to figure this out because this is the way of the future workforce.
Advice: Critical advice: 
1) dashboard of bullying complaints - know where your problems are - and ACT.  Employees filing complaints about bullies are waiting months before your ER investigators can even do an investigation.  This is a real SIGN.  A back-log like this means something.  Employees are left to suffer or move on.   Bullying education should be done/mandatory sessions - it is subtle and destructive on so many levels.  There are clues, and there should be anonymous ways to find the bullies in our culture, root them out and get them out.  Bullies emerge when they are bullied.  There is a connection between the hammer leadership style, and these issues.  Let's connect the dots, and take action.  Most "bullies" people know about - but no action is taken.  
2) Talent "AtRisk" situations:   introduce a process to "remove" talented employees from bosses, when they have made a formal complaint, if they have a strong history of success.  Why take the risk of losing them?  Move them.   Leading companies in talent management have dedicated "coach" teams for internals to help them find jobs internally - as a service - when they are looking for career development.  At a minimum we should do this in bully situations /ER complaint  situations -  this should be instituted for "talent at risk".   Even a temporary assignment would get them out of the situation, and save the talent. 
3) Use our technology to protect employees wellness - 24x7 emails and communications is killing the energy and wellness.  Let's be a leader in figuring out how to respect our employees private time.  Lead a cross organizational think tank on this - it ties to our focus on wellness - let's innovate and respect our employees, and sustain our energy.  Everyone is coping with these - lets lead.
4) Chief Expert/Seasoned Talent Pools - we need better skills to set up teams, and to lead teams effectively- multi-functional/cross -functional - not silo functional teams, and to intentionally bring in the right /diverse expertise.  This would also provide opportunities for more seasoned talent to bring in their perspective, and experience, blending it with fresh perspective and  younger generations. 
So much is good - but for a company of our size, the fact that we have no Org Development/Culture Management function - is unacceptable.  CULTURE is it in this day and age, and every leadership selection decision made is critical.  We have no rigor to our leadership selections - no assessments, we're not leveraging agility research/assessments, and we're not getting 30/60/90 day feedback on new leaders.   Instead, leaders select those like them and that replicates the culture of the past.  We CAN change this - let's get rigorous about assessments for agility and motivation and talent for empowering and coaching/engaging employees.   We're a data company - let's use "people data" at the next level  and lead the way.  Why aren't "assessment centers" and bring the best of people data science into our tool a focus?  using it first with our HR.
I know we'll figure it out - hopefully before more good talent leaves.  I am looking forward to our ongoing efforts to "run better".
Pros: SAP hires bright talented employees; I have never worked with so many smart people.  POSITIVE:  in HR cloud business, better structure around sales content/learning is an improvement in aligning market messaging - this has long been missing. 
Innovation- anticipating and investing in breakthrough product devt - like Bus Beyond  Bias - very cool, and forward leaning.  Breaking out from the pack.  Very good - keep anticipating and building for the future, not the past.  We need better INTENTIONALITY around the "anticipating" - not enough resources out there tracking HR trends/working closely with HR and Business leaders to help drive the innovation, and be there.  Bus beyond Bias happened but what's next - many areas are perfect for us to take on.  This would be a great investment.

Cons: GROSSLY underpaid compared to the Silicon Valley standard if you convert from an intern to full-time. In this sense, they undervalue those who have worked their way up within the company. Employees who didn't start off as interns but instead started as full-time employees make 20–30k more for some reason.
Advice: Pay those employees who have worked their way up from being interns. SAP is a great company to work for, but with such an expensive living cost within the bay area, it is LITERALLY hard to make a living with the amount you pay these employees.
Pros: Work/life balance is great. Free-ish lunch (depending on what you get). Opportunity to travel for work depending on the team you're on. Great people.

Cons: Leadership not aligned on how to execute strategy. Each Dept is siloed without strategic alignment to reach shared company goals.
Advice: Need better alignment to drive strategy and mission critical initiatives. This should start at top with active and visible executive/senior leader sponsorship. Too many Departments have mismatched  'top' priority initiatives that require coordination across teams with minimal resourcing or differing priorities. Suggest focusing on fewer top level initiatives with clearer, active alignment across Department Leaders FIRST instead of having each Leader define success in a bubble and then wonder why rest of the business doesn't line up around their needs.
Pros: Great brand, lots of internal resources for career development and training.

Cons: - As with any large organization, there can be some inefficiencies &amp; redundancy (e.g. different groups working on overlapping initiatives)
- Limited equity participation in comparison to typical silicon valley tech companies
- Your mileage may vary depending on your group &amp; org management
Advice: None
Pros: - Great work environment - excellent organizational culture with commitment to diversity, inclusion and opportunities for personal growth
- Very good work-life balance &amp; top-of-the-line benefits - no wonder SAP consistently makes every 'Best Place to Work' list there is!
- Opportunities to work on highly impactful areas of technology &amp; innovation with the largest customers in the world
- Great colleagues - some of the best people to work with!

Cons: Given our role in our customers' successful business operations, we've got big responsibilities and the demands can be high.  But we constantly balance loads, keeping an eye on work-life balance
Advice: Continue to maintain focus on our people and stay the course on the investments we're making across our intelligent enterprise suite to deliver the promise to our customers
Pros: Our vision, to help the world run better and improve people's lives, is powerful.  It rallies cross-functional and cross-divisional teams to pull together for the greater good.  We're a customer-centered culture with highly engaged employees.  Makes for high energy and fun.  What we do is "BIG" for our customers and we're well-rewarded for our success.

Cons: Most of the issues are due to lack of proper management
* ZERO trust among employees, A LOT OF finger-pointing
* ZERO accountability
* Reactive project and department management
* Lack of professionalism
* No room for growth
* No work/life balance
* All employee to employee feedback is done through managers instead of face to face
* The office vibe is getting more and more awkward. People are tired of pretending that everything is OK.
Advice: Hire proper managers who are equipped to manage people and processes instead of hiring more Business Analysts to throw into the fire. 
There are quite a number of BA's that are already checked off, on top of the ones who have already left the company.
Pros: Not much other than the benefits provided by the parent company

Cons: Corporate red tape and bureaucracy are sometimes inhibitors to innovation and implementing employee-led initiatives. I feel like there is a cap on how much of a raise you can get in a new job/ after a promotion.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Find a way for people to use their strengths in their job. Invest in unlocking potential.
Pros: The culture. Everyone cares about making SAP a great place to work. The company hires smart and passionate people and you feel like you are on a winning team.  Work from home flexibility is my favorite perk. Great Benefits. Unlimited opportunity for advancement in the SAP universe.

Cons: Average salary by Silicon Valley standards
Promotions are slow
Not much insight into other projects/SAP goals and directions
Immigration process is slow and terrible
Frequent reorgs affecting overall functioning of teams
Advice: Need more structured and concrete directions for projects so that engineers are motivated to put their best efforts

Should hire more young talent and encourage them to rise by giving more challenging work, giving promotions and hikes, matching compensation to other Silicon Valley based big tech companies
Pros: Good work life balance, not crazy long hours
No job pressure or strict project deadlines
Free lunch
Beautiful campus with lots of parking and charging stations for EVs
Smart engineers
Fun work environment
Opportunities to grow skillset like Hackathons, etc

Cons: Management doesn't care about employees. We don't get full bonuses even if the bonus pool is more than 100% and our productivity is also more than a 100% (yes, thats right). Raises are 1%, 1.5% and maybe 2%. Incredibly low compared to industry average. And any ideas you have are pointless as they're most likely going to die at the manager level. 

If you want to pursue another team or position within the company it's incredibly hard, politically and because they only want to hire from outside.
Advice: Replace yourself and hire some good smart people and stop treating the employees like they're cattle.
Pros: Seriously, I wish I could say something objectively great about the company compared to any average tech company out there in the US.

Cons: HR, specifically HRBP's (not all, some)  is too quick to work against you and not for you. I always believed HR would be more caring and understanding but whenever there is an issue about leadership, they dont tend to listen and will usually side with leadership
Advice: Trust you employees more and if something is wrong discuss before assuming the worst.
Pros: The majority of management is great and the company does great things for their employees such as great vacation time, holidays, and benefits. You can be proud to work here because it really is a great company especially with the right leadership team.

Cons: Needs to overcome perception of ERP company with long implementations and hard to use systems. Go to market too focused on existing customers vs cultivating new clients.
Advice: Minimize organizational change. Invest in building capability to message to and cultivate new clients.
Pros: SAP is an amazing place to work and really invests in their people. SAP's greatest strength is sound understanding and execution of core business process. SAP has invested greatly to improve UX and accelerate speed to market with strategic cloud acquisitions over the last 8 years. SAP well positioned to assist many enterprises in achieving digital transformation to replace complex, slow and hard to use legacy systems.

Cons: Very few Cons. If anything I would criticize their reimbursement policies but only because they give the same per-diem in New York or San Francisco as the do in po-dunk USA. That shifts the burden to the employee in more expensive cities. But all in all a very minor inconvenience from a stellar company.
Advice: Keep doing what you’re doing; you guys are the best.
Pros: Been here approaching 7 years, no mean feat after a couple of decades at Oracle. Great leadership, attentive management that cares for their employs and amazing C-Suite leadership. Oracle could learn a lot about management from SAP.

Cons: It's too hard to fire non-performers. Some inherited managers (from acquisitions) are not suited to management in SAP style. Giving them a chance, hurts morale for those who work with and for them.
Advice: Great progress on women in leadership! Keep it coming.
Pros: Flexible. A lot of focus on innovation. If you are curious, there are many resources available to grow knowledge. 

I love their approach to diversity. Less corporate compliance videos, and more focused on embracing it because it's the right thing to do, and it's good for personal, professional, and business growth.

Cons: Being such a large company, we struggle with simplification.
Advice: Continue to be flexible, and ask "why".  The red tape of a large company doesn't always make sense and can hinder innovation and growth.  Particularly as SAP grows it's cloud organizations, management should focus on how to integrate and align without negatively affecting the clould model.
Pros: SAP is really focused on improving the world and people's lives.  This mission is visible in both the work we do as well as how we are treated as employees.  Major pros include:
Friendly environment
Great pay and benefits
Flexible work environment
Innovative and encouraging workplace
Growth opportunities and support

Cons: * Hard to find other comparable companies
  * Other companies have a hard time matching SAP's benefit offering and salary
* Contracted services (1st level IT, HR helpdesks) can be difficult to deal with
Advice: Overall, keep up the good work, and don't lose focus on what makes SAP so special.  Maybe re-think the contracted services, as they waste a lot of time.
Pros: * Employee focused management
* Commitment to employee development
* Competitive pay
* Fairness in hiring and promotions
* High value on employee feedback in processes and decisions
* Flexibility
* Great benefits package
* Clear direction and communication from all levels of management
* Culture of continuous improvement and acceptance

Cons: Nothing that isn't too minor that it warrants highlighting.
Advice: Keep doing what you have been doing!
Pros: I have been with SAP for 10 years after 7 years at Siebel, the final year under the command of Oracle.  SAP has been one of the most dynamic and support places that I could ask to work for....demands are High but the amount of Support from Leadership down to really every person / group in the organization is incredible.  Beyond this, the Vision of the Company is unmatched and Compensation is in line with or above most of the industry as well.

Cons: There are frequent organization changes - made in order to  keep the company fresh and in line with changes in the market - be flexible, open to change, and ready to seize the new opportunities and you can be very successful at SAP.
Advice: Keep it up - this is the best company to work for - keep setting the bar high!
Pros: Our CEO has a clear direction for the company.  He is passionate about our customer's success, integrity and being the best.  SAP is challenging but also very rewarding not only financially but in being able to grow as well.

Cons: The company works very hard to provide the most robust technology solutions to customers.  In certain key areas this comes at the expense of implementing the newest technology for internal use.  The result is extra work to compensate for system shortcomings.
Advice: Leverage employees who have been with SAP for less than 5 years to learn what type of internal automation needs they have and implement the latest solutions you offer customers for internal use in sales and marketing.
Pros: Supportive management team
Excellent health benefits
Upward mobility
Strong training programs
Ability to add value to customers with solutions that power their business success

Cons: There are no cons at all.
Advice: Keep up the most excellent work
Pros: I have worked for many companies over the 45+ years of my career and by far, the management has always encouraged me to be my best and has given me the education and the tools that I have needed to succeed.   My goal is to retire with SAP.  In addition to being happy with the work that I do with SAP, the benefits and work environment is top notch! This review would be too long to list all of the benefits.

Cons: You must self-educate; little to no formal training given. Project schedule is unrealistic for most implementations. No onboarding process to filter out the issues that tend to arise in the sales process before implementation begins; you have to clean it up.
Advice: Conduct formal training! Self education doesnt yield uniform results and is frustrating.  Teach me what I need to know to deliver. Create a more realistic methodology that apples to the typical implementation as opposed to the least common so that staff can feel more accomplished and less stressed.
Pros: Allows Full-Time remote work. Product is stable and evolving.

Cons: Not a good place for anyone that is uncomfortable with change - frequent change. SAP is in the middle of a major disruption to its business and to survive we are changing the culture, the focus, the products - just about everything. The results show it is working but it requires patience, flexibility and a sense of humor.
Advice: Continue to tear down silos and make the focus of all SAP colleagues our customer's unforgettable positive experience.
Pros: Despite the size of the company, very much feels like a family or employee owned company. Colleagues are mostly friendly and enthusiastic to help each other out.

Cons: None - SAP is the place to be!
Advice: Bill McDermott, CEO, and the entire leadership team is top notch. They walk the talk when it comes to leadership and being trustworthy!
Pros: I see everyday how SAP is making the world run better and improving people's lives all over the world. SAP is always finding ways to make tomorrow better. SAP is incredible to its employees. They give us amazing work-life balance; pay and benefits are top notch! Most of all, they truly care about every person that works there - employees and their families are treated with respect and genuine kindness.

Cons: Cloud compensation model is not on par with industry standards
Advice: re-evaluate how you pay compensation on cloud deals.  Most cloud companies pay on back log to drive 3-5 year deals vs penalize on 1 year deals deals.
Remove conflict between sales bags - PDM vs L&amp;A to be specific.
Pros: Products
Vision
Executive leadership
Commitment to work life balance 
Direct level management support 
Autonomous sales - They trust their employees to do their jobs - no micromanagement 
Sales org structure - not a lot of cross bag conflict
Bill McDermott is a fantastic CEO !!!

Cons: - Too bureaucratic.
- Way too many layoffs, sometimes with horrible euphemisms such as simplification.  "Hey, life is simple, you don't have a job".  Literally folks were saying "I've been simplified".   I can't stress how bad this hurts morale, and productivity.  Folks stop helping each other because they don't want to make themselves irrelevant.  It was fascinating and terrifying to watch from the inside.
- If you are good at your job, it's difficult to move up as your manager will likely not let you go.  (This was ultimately the reason that I eventually left)
- For services, there are VERY high utilization numbers which means you'll have to do training  / self-improvement on your own time.  You'll also likely not take some of your PTO in an effort to make your numbers (and ultimately your bonus payment)  If you end up on short term assignments, it will be nearly impossible to make your numbers.  
- You don't always get a raise.  When you do, it's likely fairly small.  Over time inflation means you make less. 
- There are some new ideas that make no sense.  Example:  They changed the employee evaluation system to something called "SAP Talk".   You no longer get rated.  You simply have a conversation with your manager and set some goals.  But you aren't rated.  You have NO idea really how you are doing.  You have no idea how your performance will affect a raise (if any).  I feel like my career went into a big fog once the ratings went away.
Advice: - Add some clarity to career progression.  
- Find some way for good employees to escape and move up when a manager wants to keep them.
- For the good of all things holy, get rid of this SAP Talk idea.  
- I would have loved to stay, but my career would have been stuck.  So after a very long tenure, I moved on.  I'll miss SAP, and I still think very fondly of the company.
Pros: - Great company !
- Great products !
- Motivated &amp; charismatic CEO that could sell cement shoes to passengers on a sinking ship.
- If you are in Germany, you probably have a job for life.
- Very good travel policies.
- Excellent benefits.
- Some years you get a very generous bonus.
- You will always be proud to work for SAP

Cons: As with all large companies,  getting immediate support on many internal business processes takes an unusual amount of time to complete - internal processes/protocols could be improved.    

Work culture-wise, remote interaction is predominant which takes away the "human" interaction component - which in essence is the sign of our current times.
Advice: Bring back the "human" element of human resource interaction.
Pros: Good mix of brilliant, hardworking employees with global reach.  There is opportunity to grow and learn (training).  Be mindful about networking within, as it is who you know that can guide your career growth.

Cons: Complexity that comes with a 95K+ employee company that has grown both organically and via acquisitions.
Advice: Proactively facilitate / support employees trying to make internal moves / career transitions.  Offer more face-to-face opportunities for remote employees.  Continue to enhance the top-talent program.
Pros: GREAT people, low employee turnover, flexibility to work remotely, strong overall compensation (base + leveraged comp + stock options + stock purchase program), freedom to travel (for customer-facing roles), internal fellowship program, social sabbatical program, world-class company reputation, serving many of the world's largest companies.

Cons: - Heavily underpaid. As a software engineer, you will often make 30-50% below market, or in some cases even more than that. It also feels like SAP takes advantage of people who can't leave with their work visa, they don't have any bargain position. With extraordinary performance (when we still had ratings), I didn't even get the regular 4% that everyone else got, only after explicitly asking for it.
- SAPsv identity crisis: Pretty much every person I talk to at the Palo Alto location questions what SAP does in Silicon Valley
- Prepare to be stuck to your career level: When we still had performance reviews, I had "extraordinary performance" a couple of times in a row. Now with SAP talk things became very wishy washy. I still get good feedback, but haven't seen any action or tangible output. My manager keeps pushing things out to "next year". Not the manager's fault though. Also, the curriculums I am interested in that would help me advance are unavailable in the bay area, even though my manager supports me in participating.
- Processes - Software engineering it a hell at SAP. We have to use a lot of proprietary tools that don't even get the job done, simply because some process owners in Germany have too much power. Our team in particular wastes 30% of our resources to fit their engineering processes/tools and still build our own stuff in order to get the job done
Advice: - Give us more valuable work in Silicon Valley that fits Silicon Valley
- Make SAPsv a "research", "startup" and "partnership" location primarily
- Prevent good people from leaving
- Pay better salaries to people who perform well
Pros: - Friendly atmosphere, colleagues
- Empowered to make my own decisions
- They do a good job of hiring young talent, excellent internship programs

Cons: Being a remote employee has its disadvantages, at times you don’t feel a part of a team or the many activities they hold at corporate offices. Invites are never made to local offices, even to holiday parties or outings. Work hours can be long when issues arise and it’s expected you work, even on weekends and especially on release weekends. Career advancement is very difficult to achieve unless you personally know someone, opportunities are not always given based on qualifications and the internal job posting process is not consistent. I personally applied for over 12 internal positions I was highly qualified for over the last 2 years and was not offered 1 position. No feedback from recruiters or hiring managers. Continued job education is hard to achieve due to time constraints during work hours but with so many products that are supported it is a must to keep up with products and changes.
Advice: Career advancement should be more achievable and dies not always mean someone wants to move into a mangement role. Too many internal re-orgs happen on a frequent basis, in 5 1/2 years I have had over 10 managers, all the while in the same role, this is very difficult as not all mangers speak with each other and performance wise you have to start back to square 1 and again your career advancement discussions start all over again. This makes it very difficult to achieve personal career paths.  

Real life example: recent re-org change I was in a role for over a year. Due to a reorganization they advised everyone in that role had to reapply for that role and or other roles. Since I had already been doing that role I reapplied, interviewed internally and then was advised I was not being offered the role as others were more qualified (even though I was already in that role and doing the job for over a year)  come to find out 2 people offered the role we’re not in the role previously as I had been, so decisions are not always made that are fair and correct. There is room for improvement with internal hiring processes.
Pros: I’m a remote employee and I love it, this was on of reasons I accepted my offer from SAP 5 1/2 years ago. Individual contributors have opportunity for annual bonuses based on performance as well as targets determined by several business factors. Each annual bonus I have received are amazing and never disappoint! SAP really cares about their customers success and drives this throughout the organization.

Cons: 1.  Sometime, feel like too much process driven
2.  Should make all their teams work more closely.
Advice: Stop doing too frequent org changes.
Pros: 1. Have clear clear vision on future and takes necessary steps to realize their dreams under the leadership of Mr. Bill McDermott.
2. Takes care of employees very well, which inturn leads to excellent work-life balance.
3. Have great offices with excellent world class facilities
4.  Unlimited learning and growth opportunities (learning new technology is never   stopped in this company)
5. Opendoor policy, which allows people to speak openly about the issues and problems.

Cons: As with any very large organization, their are many resources and lots of information.  Information overload can get hard to manage and organize.  But better too much than not enough.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing!
Pros: SAP is committed to truly helping their customers achieve their business objectives.  They continue to innovate each and every day and are focused on building business solutions for the future.  They empower their workforce to think outside the box, they respect the ability to balance work and personal needs and trust their employees to get the job done.

Cons: Customer facing positions can be high stress since you're the face of SAP and you're dealing with decisions that cost millions of dollars and can make or break the customer's company financially. You have to continually study and add to your body of knowledge as new information becomes available on an almost daily basis. You have to continually increase your skill sets to remain relevant.
This is not a job, it's a lifestyle. If you don't approach it that way, you'll burn out quickly. The advantage of SAP is the (earned) perception that customers have about the quality of our employees. The disadvantage is that you have to live up to that perception every minute you're in front of the customer.
If you're looking for a 9 to 5 job with very specifically defined, repeatable tasks, SAP is probably not for you.
Advice: None
Pros: I work in a customer facing position at SAP. I have had the opportunity to work with Fortune 10 companies, small companies, public sector entities and everything in between. The reputation of SAP gives me instant credibility with the customer as the vendor representative. I have the opportunity to develop a trusted advisor relationship with my customers and work with them on business critical projects; giving direction, providing leadership and support as they implement SAP's software products across their company.  
It's easy to maintain and build that credibility with the wealth of documentation and colleague support. I am able to find answers to product questions and develop solutions to implementation challenges knowing I can count on other colleagues across the company supporting me.
SAP gives me the opportunity to do what I love to do every day at customers around the world that I would never have the opportunity to touch otherwise. I have the freedom to assume as much responsibility as I wish and rise as high in the company as I am able. 
Expertise, hard work and results are generously rewarded based on my abilities.

Cons: We get $4.25 each day for lunch... why not $5?
Advice: None
Pros: The people I've met in the past several years throughout the company are the most genuine and kind. My team and manager are awesome. The atmosphere in the office is welcoming. Top benefit is work-life balance, and the flexibility I've experienced can't be found elsewhere. I get my work done when I do and no one bothers me. The work is interesting and definitely busy. Traveling around the world is a perk. I also love the volunteer opportunities as philanthropy is important to me.

Cons: End of Year Reviews is not truly "pay for performance" but is instead "pay if your team mates didn't perform"
Advice: Give managers a little more wiggle room--current process forces managers with a team of all top performers to give 100% across the board even if the a team member went above and beyond. Some managers literally hire under-performers to reallocate the pool--which creates a more difficult work environment. Support managers who have all high performers!
Pros: Progression and Movement is achievable
Management wants to move in the right direction to achieve and sets high goals
Diversity focused
Fantastic cafeterias
Fantastic benefit offerings

Cons: Suffocation of acronyms to a point where people stop asking what they reference and the meaning behind the message; new employees are lost and veteran employees "should know" so neither dare ask the meaning of an acronym; it is the silent epidemic in the company
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing; get tough on poor managers so you continue to have strong leadership; stop the acronym nightmare.
Pros: Cutting edge services and systems; Supportive management; Great benefits; Fun team; no inter- or intra-team competitiveness; Clear direction of company; fantastic at promotions and career growth

Cons: Cliquey organizations
Lots of incapable leaders (all been at the company long enough to get a leadership title)
No room for growth (two hiring freezes in a row)
HR processes (wasn't paid for two months when I first started)
Advice: Start hiring more young people ASAP,  develop those young people and do some clean up with some of your leaders
Update your UI, there are competitors with better user experience design but no way they can catch you.
Pros: Work/life balance, benefits
Great office location

Cons: Room for advancement up the ladder feels limited.  Can feel German centric at times.
Advice: Make sure there are no divides between Germany and the U.S.  We should always feel like 1 company, 1 family.
Pros: Work life balance is the culture.  Pay is based on merit.  Internal opportunities for variety of roles and opportunity to move internally.  Compensation is high and benefits are good.  Lots of vacation time.  No expectation to work outside of normal hours.  Teams feel more like family, great culture.

Cons: I've been here 14 years (almost 3x as long as any of my other 5 jobs) so there haven't been many.  There are the occasional folks who don't embrace the "win together" culture, but they typically don't last that long.
Advice: Keep it up.  I love the fact that we're doubling down on customer success and our focus on driving customer business outcomes.
Pros: Collaborative culture, strong customer orientation, great solutions, fast-moving environment, opportunity to grow and a genuine focus on making our customers run better and improving people's lives.

Cons: We are in a very competitive market-space; unfortunately it is too easy for companies to view our age and stability as a negative in an era when start-ups seem so attractive.
Advice: What a phenomenal CEO we have. Keep rallying around Bill's vision, drive and determination!
Pros: This company has what 99% of what employees would want: great company vision, engaged co-workers, products and services that improve people's lives, growing and profitable company, excellent benefits, amazing culture,  meaningful work and an environment where you are trusted to bring your best everyday.

Cons: I work on an SAP product that is a latest technology/leading software. My previous role did not provide me the same level of satisfaction.
Advice: Keep motivating talented individuals
Pros: Opportunity to work at a major company with great reputation
Lots of work goes into innovation, process and product improvement
Great benefits, top in the industry.
Company is very focused on personal growth and development
Excellent team members, very smart colleagues to work with.
Opportunities are in plenty to train internally and move within the company.
For highly motivated and ambitious professionals, this is the place to be.
Flexible work timing options available

Cons: Communication:  You don’t know of changes before they are put in effect. Communication with managers is terrible. It is never an open forum. When you bring up examples of something – they will ask ‘who said that’ or ask for specific names. So there’s a lot of finger pointing and blaming. The lack of communication is comical at times. Every bit of information I learned about when people are being hired, when people are moving to other departments, any changes at all has been from a colleague. Sounds like a rumor mill because it is. And it isn't that they are waiting to finalize things, we just never hear anything from management. Silence.

Role/Promotions: Roles work in whatever way allows management to favor who they want while not paying people for the work they do. Promotions are based on an arbitrary and subjective list of attributes of the employee, but even if you “check all the boxes” promotions are seemingly only possible once a year so be prepared to be told month after month that you will be promoted in the coming months until an entire year goes by.  Moving from help desk to PMO support should be a title change – its’ different work, more difficult, deserving of a pay change. It is incredibly frustrating doing the exact same work as a colleague but knowing they have a different title and are being paid more for their work. If the managers really love you, (meaning that you have completely bought into their terrible management style and decided to take on that approach), they might create a role just for you and never actually hold interviews or make public that a new role has been created. The favoritism is out of control. They have also invented new roles, basically getting people to do the managements dirty work, and asked application specialists and analysts to take it on. Again, no title change and no raise. Just way more work and responsibility. Skill and experience are not rewarded here. Ever. When other people responded negatively to this new role, management repeatedly claimed it was what we had asked for in a survey given out. In reality, we had asked that our managers be more available. They basically did the opposite by putting more people between us and them. 

Gaslighting:  Management blames productivity on the people left in a department that is clearly understaffed and often employs gaslighting to get their employees to comply. 
If you messed up and have an understaffed department don't make your employees feel like they are to blame for not doing enough. They are always working hard. How about thanking them in a genuine way? Maybe even apologizing when management messes up? Do you really want to be a manager using a tactic for psychological abuse on your employees? Probably not.

Management Style (or lack thereof): When starting, there is a sink or swim attitude. If you don’t pick it up on your own and exceed without any help, then you fail. There are hardly any resources for anyone who is failing besides being reprimanded. Their attempts at improving morale are embarrassing and as soon as they see any major issues going away they return to their same ways, which have proven time and again to be very very bad. They operate on a 'putting out fires' mentality. There is no forward thinking, no planning ahead. Management has made it seem like they don’t have time for meetings. And then they get mad when their employees don’t go to them with concerns or struggles. If you make yourself unapproachable and continually have a bad attitude, you cannot expect people to go out of their way to seek guidance from you.  Management loves to ask rhetorical questions in meetings. It is a way to belittle staff. The relationship between manager/ employee is not professional.

Shifts: Management did not make it enough of a priority to inform applicants of the possible shifts they will work. Instead, they make vague statements when asked if we will work a typical work week. Honesty isn't really their thing. Instead, they lie and then treat their employees like children who weren't listening when they explained how it all works. If you end up with a “swing shift” you are treated as though that assignment was a deserved punishment that you need to earn your way from in order to get a day shift. People who started at the same time as you will have your desired shift from the start, not having earned it in any capacity. 

Sexism: It was difficult to imagine my career growing within the support department because management was almost entirely made up of men.  Any efforts made to provide opportunities for socializing and bonding within the department were based around male-dominated interests and activities such as shooting and fantasy sports leagues. There was no effort to come up with activities that would be inclusive of all interests or at least have a variety of activities covering many interests. Outside of support, men in higher up positions continuously creep on younger women. The environment of the company allows them to keep doing it.
Advice: If you want to know how to improve our department, ask your employees, and here is the key, DON'T shoot them down. They are the experts of their day to day. They know it better than you so maybe give them some more credit and hear them out. Management can’t listen to feedback because they are always on the defense. Stop allowing news to travel through the grapevine. It is unprofessional. 

Take some management courses - you don't know what you are doing at all and the first step is acknowledging the need for professional development opportunities for management to improve.
Pros: Free snacks, happy hour, new office building.

Cons: Well, it's a huge corporation, so any of the inherent cons with those apply here. And I wish they offered a tuition savings program for parents of college-bound kids.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and competitive salary. A company culture that promotes and values diversity of all kinds. Smart colleagues. Lots of opportunity for development and advancement. Lots of volunteering and service opportunities as well. And free lunch for all employees! Most importantly, unlike other large corporations, SAP doesn't have the mindset of squeezing out every drop from you while constantly threatening layoffs.

Cons: Lots of change without assurances of being included and part of it.
Advice: Commit to the long-time employees that are willing to change/adapt and stay in the game.
Pros: Great company all-around.  Incredible leadership who are always on top of the future tech/business trends and ability to keep the company competitive.  They are establishing the trends and leading the change our customers and industry need.  SAP keeps setting the course!  Great strategies and seemingly very transparent in the plans to get us there.

Cons: Ever changing environment.  Change is constant, but I am one who does not like routines!
Advice: Stay the course.  Continue to listen to our customers and employees as you have done in the past.
Pros: Benefits are exceptional to include financial compensation.
Working as a team.  The strong desire from colleagues to do what's best for our customer.  
Colleagues who truly strive to do what is best for our customers, but this all starts in our office.
Management team that is open to feedback and will make adjustments as needed.

Cons: Sometimes it is too complex.
Advice: None
Pros: My favorite thing about SAP is the people I work with, but there are so many other important benefits.  Flexibility is key to me as a working mom.   Leadership at the company is amazing.  Leadership really care of the SAP employees.  It is also fun to work in the tech field, where  innovation is happening all of the time.  SAP also offers an array of benefits, which you don't truly appreciate until you use them.

Cons: - Big company with some bureaucracy
- Not pay masters at least when compared to tier 1 companies
Advice: - Use every location to its fullest strength. Right now, sometimes locations are purely looked at from a cost perspective. Some locations may be expensive but also provide higher value owing to access to market and talented ecosystem.
Pros: - Very independent setup. Respectful colleagues
- Can work with Who's who of enterprises
- Rich company with enough backing to launch products once alignment is arrived at.
- Global company with genuine effort to preserve inclusiveness

Cons: - A lot of people who've been at SAP for 20+ years
- Learning culture / mindset could be stronger
Advice: Develop your employees to ensure they are engaged and growing their skills for the future.
Pros: - Strong vision / strategy from CEO
- Strong mission statement focused on customers and employees
- SAPs compensation and healthcare benefits
- Incredible bright and talented people
- Strong commitment to diversity / Love the many programs and groups that support diversity and inclusion like "Autism at Work" and "Business beyond Bias" (there are so many)

Cons: No downsides to working at SAP for me !
Advice: I have been with SAP for almost 10 years (part of an acquisition), SAP Management has their eyes on the marketplace and pursues avenues of corporate growth with continued advancement in technologies and solutions that the marketplace is calling for using both organic and inorganic methods. Keep up the great work SAP Management!
Pros: SAP as a global company provides an open platform for employee workplace contentment and encouraged pursuit of corporate growth and learning.

Cons: Bad management in this location, rampant favoritism and back biting, below par salary, petty politics overshadows actual work, engineers not valued. Management cares about little else except posing to 'look good' in Waldorf.  Barring one or two, there is no one remaining in this location with technical vision or breadth enough to lead, which makes them dependent on expertise in other locations.
Advice: Nothing really. The management here is old and fixated, and have created this culture over the last several years. Many senior people have left/are leaving  in disgust, including myself. Waldorf upper management should take a good look here and revamp the entire structure.
Pros: Nice office, good coffee, free lunch, good technology

Cons: For a large company, SAP is surprisingly nimble, but there are places where entrenched internal processes can slow things down.
Advice: Keep challenging us to lead the market and stay focused on customer success.
Pros: At SAP, from the CEO down to the newest intern, everyone is treated with respect and is expected to treat their colleagues with respect.   Diversity is encouraged and celebrated, flexible work arrangements (work from home, part-time, etc.) are very common, and everyone is smart and motivated to make our customers successful.

Cons: ...  I really haven't experienced any.
Advice: Stay the course! Hire more people when you need to in order to keep the work life balance part of the strategy. That balance makes the employees loyal, driven and willing to go above and beyond when needed for a company that goes above and beyond for us!
Pros: They promote our individuality and appreciate the fact that we are not all made from a cookie cutter.  SAP encourages us to learn and collaborate with our team mates.

Cons: - process sometimes gets in the way of progress
- relationships sometimes play too large a role in decision-making
Advice: I'm proud to be a long-time SAPer. Continue to keep your focus on purpose &amp; inclusion -- it makes a difference to all of us who work here. Be open to new ideas from new sources. You never know where a great idea will come from!
Pros: - flexible employment environment
- opportunity to explore new challenges
- great sense of community and inclusion
- purpose-driven
- innovative

Cons: *** FACT: The Market Development department has had over 100% turnover in 2017. I think that number speaks for itself. ***

>> Excluding direct management, the directors within Market Development run their department with a "Hero to Zero" mentality if you are not the top performer that month you aren't even worth making eye contact with (when they even make an appearance on the floor which is maybe once every other week to once a month). 
Directors run their meetings like camp counselors, playing loud music, cheering while you walk into the meetings until they drop bombs on the MDRs discussing new processes that make your job more difficult and rolling out unattainable goals to make it impossible to hit your quota. 
At first, this "Camp Counselor" leadership style and over the top unauthentic speech is appealing you eventually realize they are constantly speaking to you like children and have no true respect for you as a career professional.
Don't ever believe you have a chance to move into a leadership role within the Market Development department. Directors lead MDRs on; whom are more than overqualified, been with the company for multiple years and proven themselves worthy of leadership roles; to think that they have a chance at the roles opening up within the MDR department and then hire externally or in different departments because again, they have no respect for MDRs as career professionals, with one exception, a 23year old that they gave a manager position too because one of the directors had a personal relationship with that MDR. 
** Note: Management just handed that MDR  the management position without considering any other prospects or making it available to any applicants** 
- - It's also been discussed that employees applying for internal roles outside of the department have been sabotaged by directors approaching the hiring department telling them not to hire that MDR because they are a top performer and want them to sit in the department and make them more money till they're burned out and leave - - 
:: Also, there's a "rule" that you have to sit in seat in the Market Development department for at least 1 year before being eligible to move throughout the company. No this is not in your job contract or discussed throughout the interview process you find this out after you're hired and are stuck. ::

>> Now to discuss the job itself... You are a telemarketer that can be replaced and rotated out. There is no strategy, you do not create relationships with your Sales Execs because you have 25-40 that you support. You used to strategically work with 4 Sales Execs and support their specific territories going after top accounts and helping them bring in quality customers. They changed this process because of the massive turnover they're seeing in the department and now the sales pipeline won't skip a beat with MDRs constantly leaving.
You have call center metrics you have to meet every day and if you don't meet them you are interrogated on the reasons why you didn't meet them that day. The micromanaging is absolutely out of control, there's no faith in you that you are a professional that can do your job and run your business properly. This job requires no relationship building just endlessly calling prospects to see if they have 10min to learn about Concur and passing off anyone who says yes to the Sales Exec assigned too the account then getting back on the phones to find another prospect to say yes. 

::: Warning: DO NOT TAKE A SMALL BUSINESS POSITION although the direct manager seems great and doing what he can to make the most of that segment, the goals are wildly unattainable compared to the Inbound, MidMarket and National segments. With the consistent failure, the directors put pressure on this segment and constantly question the failure to meet quota when the quotas are near impossible to hit. :::

>> Unfortunately, because of the way that the directors have built this department and treat their employees you see valuable workers losing belief and confidence in themselves and their abilities. It also is quite obvious that this has spread to other departments so moving internally throughout Concur is becoming more an more difficult. It's heartbreaking to see these quality and overqualified employees being so discouraged and leaving this company after buying into the "Concur dream" because there truly is value in this company, just not in the Market Development department. There are people that have taken massive pay cuts and steps down in their career to buy into this dream and leave lost, beaten down and regretful they ever left their previous job to become part of this department.
Advice: Advice for Concur's CEO: Clean house of the hirer up directors, they've become so involved in their own egos they are completely disconnected to their employees and this department's needs. ** Take note this does not include direct managers who are doing a great job at dealing with these directors ** Their leadership style is not up to the standard of Concur's culture and it's not only disappointing but harmful to this company.
Pros: >> Supportive direct management and great co-workers
>> Free LaCroix, soda and juice
>> Incentives/Competitions; although the extra monthly competitions use to include AMEX gift cards and more appealing prizes now you maybe earn a coffee or free lunch. 
>> Great benefits through SAP, 25 days of PTO, although in this department it's looked down upon if you utilize your available PTO and because you're quota based you feel too much pressure to enjoy your time off.

Cons: being worked to the bone and no decent increases to boot
Advice: stop with the interns, walk the talk on being a top employer, hire the staff you need and compensate them accordingly, this bottom line stuff is getting to be too much. We work hard for SAP and deserve our nights and weekends with our loved ones and enough resources to get by and to be compensated for ur hard work
Pros: if you land in a good team, you're golden

Cons: I do not see any cons I have been here 14 years
Advice: None
Pros: -5 weeks vacation
-great benefits
-unlimited sick days
-The managers let you take part in making decisions. Truly listen to you
-Free unlimited soft drinks and Coffee/Tea
-Free lunch
You are treated like a integral part of the team. Can freely give your opinion without repercussions.
SAP is also a great company for helping out the community and you are able to do volunteer projects to assist your community.

Cons: Can't think of any cons...
Advice: Find ways to make those who travel and are never in the office more "visible" in the organization so they can be as competitive for promotions/new careers as their peers who are "office workers".
Pros: Very inclusive regardless of who you are, who you love, where you came from, or what language you speak.   I also feel as though consideration for our current environment is something they hold a high level of concern and commitment to.

Cons: As with any large company, there is a lot of...everything from systems to tools to content and it can be a challenge to navigate.  Building a network is essential to working here.
Advice: Run (as) simple (as you can)
Pros: SAP is actually doing something to make the world run better and improve people's lives - and it is exciting to contribute to that every day.  The company is focused on customers, supports its employees and strives to make a difference.

Cons: This is a very large company and getting acclimated can be a daunting task, but there are many resources and people who are always happy to help!
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance, benefits, virtual work opportunities, and the Company cares equally about its employees as it does its customers and investors.  In addition, work here is not just a job, it is your career and SAP encourages you to grow and challenge yourself to go as high and as far as you dare to go!

Cons: There are literally no cons I can think of to working at SAP
Advice: Continue to keep everyone focused and informed. The management keeps us very well informed which is just great!
Pros: SAP cares about every employee
SAP offers more opportunities to grow and learn that any company I've worked for
Our benefits are exceptional
We all feel like we bring value to the company
The Management at SAP is FABULOUS!!

Cons: If you want a really "easy" job, this probably isn't the place for you. You will have to put in some long hours, but your extra work is recognized and rewarded well.
Advice: Keep giving millennials opportunities within the company!
Pros: There is an incredible amount of mobility within SAP, which I love. Anything you want to do and anywhere you want to work seems possible in this company, because people genuinely want to see you succeed and be happy.

Cons: Sometimes can still be a good old boy network although the company is trying to change this with a focus of appointing more women to leadership positions. Can also get bogged down at times in complex processes and bureaucracy .
Advice: Run simple and continue to make strides in changing the perception of the good old boy network.
Pros: For the most part, a great culture with very smart and passionate people. Fast paced environment with work-life flexibility. Benefits are great also.

Cons: No management transparency, random promotions with no explanations, false promises regarding
Advice: Please tell your employees what's going on, why they were/were not moved up to other positions or titles. Give clear goals. Respond to all of your employee's emails. We all feel left in the dark about everything. Management is the worst part about this job.
Pros: Atmosphere, Benefits, Bonus, Great overall company to work for. They treat their employees very well.

Cons: Re-org as band aid.  The Peter Principal is alive and well.  No transparency.
Advice: Management is trying to turn ship to the future.  Good! That doesn't mean that ppl older than 35 are redundant in non-executive positions. That is an undercurrent. Mid-level management is not held accountable. Nepotism is real and noted.
Pros: Smart, dedicated people. Potential to come out as a contender for digital leadership because there is a desire among employees to see it.

Cons: BE WARNED: if you accept a job as an Application Specialist here thinking it's a day job with normal (7-9am start and 4-6pm end), you might end being mistaken. Management hires separately for the night shift on support, but does not hire separately for second (swing) shift. So, upon being hired as an Application Specialist, there is a chance you will be put on an unusual shift requiring working until late at night and/or on weekends -- for an undetermined amount of time, often a year or more. Working on a swing shift does not come with a pay increase, though obviously it comes with a lot of added stress both personally and professionally.

Management overall is poor in the Support department. Within the department, it can be very confusing and frustrating to understand how to "move up." Management is very cagey and stubborn about title or pay increases. While there is an official set of expectations in terms of how to be promoted within the department, management tends to delay or insist you "aren't quite there yet." Employees accept harder, more complicated work without title or pay increases in the hopes (and sometimes, with assurances from management) that the title or pay increases will come in the future. Some end up working months or more than a year without seeing the promotion.

Support department management often had a hostile attitude towards employees that can create a toxic, tense, and needlessly stressful work environment. Some fellow coworkers of mine have described it as being similar to a "high school" environment in which employees are treated like misbehaving children. Almost everyone works incredibly hard, but the department seems to be perpetually understaffed, and this gap between work to be done and number of workers is not treated empathetically by management but rather as a fault of the workers.
 
It often felt like the Support department was stuck in a limbo state between being a call center (think Comcast) or a more typical support/application consulting department in a tech company. This can end up being quite frustrating as an employee -- especially in the earlier stages of working on Support, your job is very numbers-driven, and you will be strongly expected to handle a certain number of support cases per hour. Simultaneously, there is a strong expectation for Support employees to become more like "consultants" in terms of having in-depth knowledge of highly technical concepts and processes. As you might imagine, it is stressful to feel stretched by two seemingly opposing sides: I need to close X cases today but I also need to handle this very complicated and technical case that would truly require hours of research to grasp. Other parts of the company often felt at odds with support rather than on the same team, adding to the sense of pressure to do things both quickly and perfectly.
Advice: 1. Attitude and communication. I think a major attitude shift and communication revamp is needed. The attitude with which management approaches working with their employees is not grounded in mutual respect, growth, and positivity. Too often "that's just the job" is used as an excuse to avoid real growth or change departmentally. Yes, working support anywhere is a tough job, but the morale and working environment of Support at Fieldglass is unusually bad compared to similar companies.

2. Treat employees with greater empathy and understanding.

3. Hire separately for non-standard shifts. You currently have separate job postings used for night shift vs. day shift. Candidates should know roughly what the working hours are of the job they're applying to in an office job. Again, why is there a separate job posting for night shift support and not for second/swing shift support?
Include more women in management. Women are fairly well-represented in other departments in Fieldglass, but the Support department often felt dominated by men, both in official management roles and in unofficial internal roles.

4. Create transparent standards for the different positions/titles within Support and hold yourselves accountable to those standards. In other companies, moving from "first level" end user support to "second level" power user (PMO in Fieldglass terms) is a promotion that comes with a pay increase and title change. The work is significantly different, more complicated, and requires more consultant skills. There should be clearly documented and, more importantly, FOLLOWED plans for this promotion, and it should be driven by employee growth and aptitude rather than staffing needs.

5. Accept mistakes as learning opportunities. Whether intentionally or not, you have instilled a culture where many employees are absolutely terrified of making mistakes. Your employees are human beings, many of them in their first job out of college, and should be treated with empathy.
Pros: High profile clients, good coworkers

Cons: Sometimes the bureaucracy can be frustrating, but this is common in large companies like SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a great place to work for 3 reasons: the people, the company itself, and the industry. The people I work with at SAP are innovative and motivated about their job and software. The company has a great work life balance, compensation, 401k, and medical plans. The software industry has great positive outlook and SAP has positioned itself well in the industry.

Cons: In a large company, the communication process can be challenging.
Advice: Take the time to know your direct reports fully so that their talents can be leveraged in the organization.  Sometimes an untapped resource is hiding in plain sight.
Pros: One of my favorite things about working at SAP is the number of opportunities available to employees.  Personal development within your role and as a person is encouraged and opportunities for exploring your development and interests are incredible.

Cons: You work extra hard at times, but it's worth it!
Advice: Keep on listening to your employees and leading the way for women leadership in the workplace
Pros: Fabulous flexibility - work from where you need; collaborate with co-workers all around the world; great benefits; the company listens to their employees; easy to move up and laterally throughout the company; great leadership including CEO and board; supports family life (rare with big corporations)

Cons: HR is very MIA. I rarely received help, and they showed no urgency is fixing payroll issues. If you have a bad manager, you're stuck. Finding a full-time opportunity after an internship is extremely difficult for marketers.
Advice: None
Pros: Working with two different teams at SAP, you're given a lot of freedom and responsibility to find your own marketing solutions for projects. If you're a self-starter that's comfortable working on their own time, a marketing role here is for you.

Cons: I honestly can't think of a negative of working for SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: I've been with SAP for almost 2 years. As a "millennial" I can't possibly think of a better company to work for. The sky is the limit at SAP. SAP encourages its employees to be innovative and to think outside of the box. If you are looking to work for a company that is fully committed to it's employees, SAP is the place for you!

Cons: None so far, job satisfaction is through the roof right now!
Advice: Leadership is sincere, thoughtful and down-to-earth; so very refreshing at a global software leader.  My advice...don't change a thing...full steam ahead.
Pros: Pro-employee culture, customer-centric service philosophy, OwnSAP program promotes employees having a stake in our company, very forward-thinking and globally conscious company.  Work is challenging and people are smart and thoughtful.  SAP promotes volunteering in the community, and sponsors many enabling opportunities.

Cons: Sometimes promotions can happen more on a relationship than an achievement / performance basis.
Advice: Establish upward feedback.
Pros: The company goals, attitude, and efforts to do more than just make money are something I respect and love to work for. Also, the flexibility SAP allows in terms of times and locations is fantastic - they trust you to get your job done, and if you have a personal event, you work around it.

Cons: Rigid internal processes make it challenging to be responsive.  Management hears feedback and takes action, though.
Advice: Continue reviewing impact of internal processes and rules to ensure our customer focus increases.
Pros: Great opportunity to work with the smartest most passionate people in the industry.  The SAP team focuses on customer success, which makes it a fun place to be.  Total compensation (base salary + bonuses), in my experience, is better than competitors.

Cons: Long hours, can be difficult to move up in your career/ get promoted.
Advice: Look at the value of the middle employees... many are doing most of the work and aren't getting promoted to the next level. Which is causing people to leave to obtain that higher position/ salary/ title at a new company.
Pros: Flexibility, development,  progressive, supportive.

Cons: Nowadays as the salary level is pulled up by some internet companies, SAP has to find some way to attract new hires.
Advice: None
Pros: Employees respect each other and we have very good cooperation in daily work. SAP provide very good working environment and employee care both in physical and mental health. Employees can easily have a work-life balance here in SAP when you may find it hard to do so in some of other companies.

Cons: Some cloud solutions are a amalgamation of acquisitions that are hurriedly stitched -  together - creating dissatisfied clients and lot's of work post sale.   Focused on pushing the product of the quarter (usually the last acquisition)  instead of solving customer problems...
Advice: Think long term and partner with your customers the "SAP first" mindset is eroding within your customer base.
Pros: Great culture, good people, great benefits

Cons: New announcements seem to be made publicly instead of informing employees first
It's a large company with a lot of product offerings which can get a bit overwhelming
Advice: Inform employees of changes before making it public
Pros: Great leadership
Amazing coworkers
You can make a difference
Customers are fantastic
Lots of flexibility with job
They care for my future at the company
They take care of their employees
Company is heading in the right direction
Compensation is best in the industry

Cons: every company has some cons, its not because of company but people in it, but in my 10 years i have seen many people and not everyone is same.
Advice: Take care of Employees, and they will help you to grow.
Pros: work environment, balanced life, competitive work, keep you on edge.

Bend it like SAP ( if u have any family situation they bend to adopt your schedule and help you).

Cons: can't think of any... at least not for me
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked at many companies (I'm not a millennial) and this company is the best for several reasons. Great Benefits (their 401k match is the best I've seen), great workforce, always moving forward instead of status quo, helps you to find roles that suit your talents, very diverse culture, they truly get it that their employees are their best and greatest asset.

Cons: Complex internal processes are less user-friendly and intuitive than they ought to be.
Advice: More diversity in senior management; too many German men are running teams in the US.
Pros: Generous benefits for US workers, who get $1200 (for families) from the company each year for out-of-pocket healthcare costs -- to put us on a more equal footing with colleagues in Germany. This kind of sensitivity makes SAP a standout place to work.

Cons: The volume can be overwhelming at times. Working through these challenges typically opens up additional opportunities for growth, while increasing revenue for the business.
Advice: Leverage individual strengths and those of successful teams to continue delivering high performance.
Pros: SAP is an innovative and forward looking organization. I love the culture of our company. Everyone works hard and is supportive of common goals for success. There is so much opportunity, with creativity and ingenuity often rewarded.

Cons: I only have close to one year in SAP, during this period I have not identified any relevant Cons.
Advice: My manager excels, keeping frequent communication, even though I am mostly working in a Customer Location.
Pros: - Diversity
- Inclusive
- With Purpose
- People Care
- Customer First
- Innovative Product
- Focus on Best Run Business
- Collaboration
- Coaching and Mentoring Programs

I cannot be more proud to work in this amazing company.

Cons: As with any big company some needed changes can take longer then desired to go into effect
Advice: None
Pros: Very few companies are you able to work on and have support products that millions of people use around the globe, but everyday I am interacting with those employees that are changing peoples lives.  They treat their employees well, and allow the flexibility needed with the ever changing workplace

Cons: After 5 years here, I am still looking for a downside...nothing that I have experienced!
Advice: Continue your great job in leading with integrity, honesty and transparency!
Pros: Diverse, global, talented workforce that is accountable, professional and loves to come to work everyday.  Executives are transparent, genuine and lead with honesty &amp; integrity.  Culture and attitudes are collaborative, positive and inclusive.  What a great place to work!

Cons: Its a sales organization so we are very sale orientated - expect pressure in that regard
Advice: Continue to keep up and expand your acceptance of flexible working experiences
Pros: Flexible schedule; understanding management; "team" feeling - I work on a great team that helps each other out; other amazing benefits - healthcare is great, lunch stipend, gyms in some locations, loads of groups to belong to: Women's group, LGBT, etc.

Cons: Harnessing 90,000 enthusiastic personalities pursuing multiple moon-shots can make navigating the breadth and depth of our resources a challenging journey.
Advice: Keep pushing and challenging us - we've got your back!
Pros: Trust in the leadership - from my manager to our rockstar exec team and CEO.
Breadth &amp; depth of resources to help me do my work.
Demonstrated support of diversity, social responsibility and commitment to leveling the global playing field for all.

Cons: Sales has zero, ZERO idea on what we actually do so they sell something that does not exist. The Customer Engagement Executives (CEE) are just as worthless. They are to help manage the customer while support works on issues, now all they do is demand a solution for the customer THAT DAY (which they already promised to the customer without ever checking with you). Support is left to basically just do whatever the customer is demanding, not asking, but demanding. There is no real scope of what should be supported, it is just a free for all. A customer doesn't like the font the application is written in, well then it is clearly a product of the issue and needs to be fixed ASAP. The volume of work has increased tenfold within a year but the staffing has either stayed the same or decreased due to people leaving due to burnout. Management talks a big game of retaining people, but no follow through. all we are told by the parent, SAP is that adding more employees does not fix the problem. But then even when we get to hire some people it is usually only 1 person and even then there is usually a hiring freeze. So the 20 people you were supposed to get, end up being 1 person, that was supposed to start Jan 1st, but due to hiring freeze won't start until Oct 1. That is if they actually waited that long and didn't look for something else. The pay could be better for the level of stress you face on a day to day basis. Or you can just start not caring about the work as most employees do. For a company the size of SAP you would think they would attribute an entire multi-level office building just for support? Nope, just a third of a floor with about 30 people to support a global community that grows by 10-20 customers a week. There isn't much great or even good about this place as certain departments get all the respect and recognition and the ones doing the actual work just get more work to do.
Advice: HIRE MORE PEOPLE! PAY MORE TO THOSE WHO STAY OR TO RETAIN THE ONES WHO PUT UP WITH THE ABUSE!
Pros: I will let you know when I come across one.

Cons: To be more cautious of over regulations which may interfere with or slow down progress.
Advice: More Collaboration from top to bottom
Pros: SAP is a Solid, Strong company, which continually takes care of its powerful engine, its employees. As an employee, if you know what you want to do, where you want to go, SAP helps you get there.

Cons: One con in my role is that I'm already at the top level/grade for my individual contributor position. It would be better if I could still advance to an expert level but my role only goes up to senior.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has an excellent culture that values employees and invests in their development. 
The company leadership is very strong and inspiring.
The company offers a telecommute opportunity

Cons: SAP is very fast-paced, so not for the faint of heart.
Advice: The SAP culture is strong and positive...always check in with the words of our leaders at the top and shoot for the goals they put out there...for SAP and for the world.
Pros: SAP is a dynamic place to work, always moving forward and giving employees opportunities to learn new solutions and technologies.

Cons: Although there are many opportunities both for advancement and cross-functional change, it's easy to settle in and not take advantage of the opportunities.
Advice: None
Pros: Great investment in the people, leadership, product and culture.  The company has built a solid foundation over decades, but isn't satisfied to rest its laurels on the past but rather building the future.  Executive leadership embraces change and the company is surprisingly agile.

Cons: It can be tough to keep up with constant changes. At times, things are not communicated properly, which leads to confusion and frustration.
Advice: N/A
Pros: 1. Great work environment (challenging but rewarding)
2. Excellent benefits - unlimited sick leave, 15 days PTO, 5 floating holidays, etc.
3. Free lunch 3x a week, free beer on Fridays, fruit and snacks provided weekly
4. Management cares about the employees
5. So many more!!

Cons: Internal competition/duplication of effort creates space to be creative and innovative but also introduces confusion and inefficiencies
Advice: Set clear direction and goals for your teams. Autonomy is great but some structure is needed to operate efficiently with a shared purpose.
Pros: Great benefits, loads of autonomy, solid company, smart people, and plenty of opportunity to move up and around within the company.

Cons: There are a lot of people at SAP and a lot of teams and it can be difficult to understand who does what and people who do similar things can have very different titles.
Advice: None
Pros: Internships can be 6 months to 1 year I was able to feel fully integrated with my team and felt crucial to our day to day operations

Cons: You'll see the same issues you see any any big company. Sometimes it's difficult to get things done, unless you know someone personally. Reorganizations are often lengthy, cumbersome and political.
Advice: Streamline reorganizations, simplify processes
Pros: SAP is very flexible. In a lot of cases, you can work from anywhere. You can also move from position to position fairly easily, so you can create your own destiny.

Cons: Fast growth in areas related to cloud solutions has caused disruption and sometimes chaotic management activity.    Getting processes in place to enable employees to be effective can be a challenge at times.
Advice: Keep the eye on the customer when making internally focused decisions.
Pros: Challenging and rewarding work.   Great HR benefits including an environment focused on diversity and inclusion.

Cons: Expectation/output is sometimes heroic but it is work, right?
Advice: Communication is key, make time for direct reports, address negatives immediately, and focus on growth of team.
Pros: Excellent pay, amazing benefits, beautiful buildings and grounds, five star food for breakfast and lunch. The MOST intelligent group of humans on the planet work here! Great events and collaboration encouraged. Corporate social responsibility top notch - the pros are endless.

Cons: Ok pay, stocks available only for employees above a certain level, internal systems and processes undergoing major changes due to integration with SAP causing delays/challenges
Advice: Everyone might be replaceable, but true talent and SMEs are not easily available in the market and any one new will have a learning curve. Please focus on retention.
Pros: Good work-life balance, good office location, good culture

Cons: Salary and titles are never discussed openly. It’s hard to understand what is expected at every level and how to achieve next level. Sometimes it feels that your efforts are gone unnoticed.
Advice: None
Pros: Provides good Flexibility to get good balance of work n life. The work culture is good. People are in general good and helpful.

Cons: Lack of training opportunities for all employees 
Lack of conflict resolution process 
Highly political
Advice: Publish training expectations and allow employees to attend training (currently, some employees are able to attend multiple trainings/year while others are only approved training every 2-4 years).  
If and when bullying/harassment occurs, take action.  There should be repercussions for the bully/harasser.
Pros: Great colleagues
Access to internal product material
Dynamic environment

Cons: Getting used to a German-based culture. Getting a little too big to pivot efficiently.
Advice: Really need to work on internal processes, use your own products, invest in standardization. You can only sell the sizzle so many times before people wonder where the steak is.
Pros: Great benefits and vacation. Leading company worldwide and great brand. Opportunities to advance and drive your own career.

Cons: There aren't many for me right now - SAP has been a fantastic employer!
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked for SAP for 3.5 years now and I have had extensive growth opportunities, excellent and easily accessible training, and great compensation and benefits. My bosses have always been interested in helping me develop my career with SAP and taking it in the direction I want to go.

Cons: none that I can think of at this time
Advice: Keep on keepin' on!
Pros: Great atmosphere and culture, really love the people I work with and the work hard/play hard mentality.  Work life balance is also not like anything I have ever had before; it is wonderful to be able to support a career and family and not feel like I'm sacrificing one over the other.

Cons: SAP is a large company - which can be overwhelming to some employees,  the company's culture is dedicated to creating a sense of belonging, which can help you to truly feel like you  are a part of the family!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is truly focused on making the world run better and is dedicated to equipping it's people to ensure this occurs.

Cons: - Lots of virtual meetings and sometimes at odd hours due to the nature of working at a large international company
Advice: None
Pros: - Work/Life balance
- Interesting work
- Lots of training opportunities and also opportunities to advance 
- Extensive corporate social responsibility program 
- Supportive colleagues and good senior management team
- Great benefits including vacation time and flexibility to work from home

Cons: Sometimes hard to keep your hands on all of the other SAP sales teams, and their activities, in your account.
Advice: Keep being supportive and customer focused.
Pros: Sales people are surrounded by people that really want to help them succeed.
You really feel like you are helping your clients run businesses better.
Management is supportive and great in front of your clients.
Very customer focused.

Cons: It's a large company, which can be tough to navigate, but management makes it easier!
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: A great work/life balance.
They respect your ability to do your job and let you do it, knowing that you can always ask for help and you will get the support needed.
A great brand with a great product.

Cons: - Lots of internal politics and bureaucratic red tape make many tasks considerably more painful than they need to be
Advice: Keep the processes simple
Pros: - Lots of independence to work the way you deem best
- Many learning opportunities and trainings / self learning is highly encouraged
- As a young professional, you get a lot more responsibility than you would likely get at other companies

Cons: Only con is that it's a large company but there are also benefits of that, such as opportunities for growth and programs that promote work/life balance :-)
Advice: - Can we clone Bill?  and Bjoern?  and Rob? and Jennifer? and...
- More opportunities to work with colleagues in person
Pros: Opportunity to grow; work/life balance; leadership I trust

Cons: Getting to act like a very large company, top-down directives, more highly political than 5-6 years ago.  More focus on star-power and personal brand than teamwork and open communication of ideas.   Too many good people losing positions and careers with little notice due to continued right-sizing.
Advice: None
Pros: Mostly great people, respectful, collegial

Cons: Just some typical internal process sluggishness of working for a large company.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership in my business unit trusts me to do my job, gives me the tools I need to do my job and empowers me to lead change and customer satisfaction. I enjoy fantastic work-life-balance, the ability to travel the world and have the security of great benefits and pay.

Cons: Can't come up with one.
Advice: Keep listening to the employees and continue to keep us well informed.
Pros: Great people, great benefits and great programs such as the Austism at Work program.  I was able to work with a few of these individuals at a recent event in Orlando and they were amazing people and very hard workers.

Cons: Part of SAP now which means tighter restrictions on travel, budgets, and hiring.
Advice: Teleconferencing is great but so is face to face when needed. Many remote employees travel to corporate in Bellevue, but Bellevue does not travel to theater offices.
Pros: Flexible Work hours and location, global presence.

Cons: Can be overly process-driven sometimes, lots of people means high division of the salesforce
Advice: Keep up the good work! Typical big company issues to overcome but doing a great job!
Pros: Great senior/mid-level leadership who invest and listen to their teams, moving & diversifying in the right direction, ability to make a positive impact and management open to how to do things better

Cons: - Very Political 
- Middle Management is often not fit for their role
- Hours are long and you can't just "turn off" especially if you are in an international role
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people
- Lot of office perks - Gym classes, great lunches, 
- Flexible schedule - most teams you work from anywhere
- Well known brand doing a lot of business

Cons: - No longer a startup culture
- Transit commuter friendly, but expensive parking if you drive your car.
- Located In one of the most expensive living areas in the Northwest.
Advice: Don't lose the uniqueness that made Concur a great company.
Pros: - Reasonable compensation and benefits
- Good people to work with
- Interesting work at one of the largest global technology companies

Cons: None for me at this time
Advice: Keep it up! Very high leadership trust scores from the employees already so you have our trust and confidence already!
Pros: Great people! strong opportunity for growth, great core product suites and the innovations are mind blowing.  Most importantly I feel valued by the leadership team and am able to have good work/life balance

Cons: Large company, so it takes longer to adapt.  Some software work is done in silos and needs to be unified.
Advice: You've done well to invest in your employees.  Focus on opportunities to bridge together software products seamlessly.
Pros: Excellent Benefits, Smart Colleagues, Work-Life Balance, Global Mindset, Competitive Pay, Education and Training Opportunities

Cons: Like many very large multi-country company:  need to work on many time zones depending on job requirements.  Most work is virtual and not in the office - depends on location and job.
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive Collaborative environment.  Ability to work on many different tasks and interests.  Flexibility to work on your own schedule within job requirements.

Cons: It's large and sometimes difficult to navigate - you have to have a network
Advice: Spend more time listening to the rank and file - you hire smart people and they have great ideas.  And reorgs aren't the answer to all problems!
Pros: Smart, professional and collaborative colleagues in an organization that values integrity

Cons: Work-life balance but that goes along with any exciting growth oriented company. You have to create that for yourself.
Advice: Keep doing the great job that you are all doing!
Pros: Culture, Trust based, get to have a real impact everyday, open and transparent, lots of growth opportunity, and often free cupcakes on Fridays!

Cons: Very hard to move internally, to big, problem with women in upper level, mobility upward is hard
Advice: make it easier to apply for internal jobs by making it so the current manager does not know.  Promote more from within
Pros: Overall a good company, great co-workers.. flexible..

Cons: If you're not in a main office, your movement opportunities are very limited.  Offices are in a consolidation mode rather than expanding offices not in Vancouver, Palo Alto, or Newtown Square.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company as far as stability, pay, and benefits.  Depending on location, the ability to move between positions is pretty open.

Cons: Working remotely can be touch but the pros outweigh the cons.
Advice: SAP's vision and mission are incredibly important. Keep driving everything towards fitting that.
Pros: I love how willing colleagues are to help and pitch in on ideas.  The benefits are wonderful. SAP is a great place looking at new ways to innovate and improve lives.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is fantastic. Not only does your vacation and personal time get respected, you are encouraged to make sure you take advantage of all opportunities given. 
Working out of one of the SAP offices also provides great benefits like gym access, paid lunches and a myriad of onsite events.

Cons: Mediocrity is acceptable, management is out of touch with leading industry standards and provides no direction or vision, attrition of the good employees is high.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, unlimited sick days, ample vacation, good location, remote working is ok, people are nice, SAP brand looks good on resume.

Cons: 1. Salaries are noticeably below market average
2. Bureaucracy has increased a lot over the last few years leading to painfully slow progress on all fronts
3. High attrition
Advice: Transparently reward performance and performance only otherwise retaining talent will be an ongoing struggle.
Pros: 1. Great work life balance
2. CEO Bill McDermott
3. Great flexibility to move around internally
4. Awesome colleagues

Cons: Many reorganizations
Constant internal changes (pro/con)
Very large organization with some redundant teams
Advice: Need some improvement in cross-collaboration, and need for publicizing team purpose and goals of teams to eliminate redundant work, need simplified internal delivery and support processes.
Pros: Innovative company
Limitless development opportunities
Great work-life balance
Excellent salaries &amp; benefits
Very professional, supportive colleagues
Transparent company communications

Cons: No budget for global team meet-ups. Such sadness.
Advice: If you could free up some budget for our global teams to meet someplace in person every year or two, that would be great.
Pros: Terrific colleagues. Supportive management. Diversity and innovation actively encouraged. Interesting and challenging work topics. Global teams that seem local. Cool tools. Excellent work/life flexibility.

Cons: Large company mentality and inflexibility for standardized approach -- slow to adopt newer technology
Advice: Listen closer to new hires, not just those with the company for many years; this includes management and technical expertise from acquisitions.
Pros: Flexible work/life balance and exposure to global workforce and customer base

Cons: I need to continue to target a better worklife balance.
Advice: Keep up the momentum and let's take down Salesforce!!!
Pros: I am proud to work for SAP.   Great place to work and our focus has never been better.   Enjoy being able to work remotely when not traveling

Cons: demanding pace, fast changing, and nature of business software across industries and geographies can be intellectually challenging
Advice: stay hungry and humble
Pros: employees are encouraged to do things in new ways, flexible work environment, graceful leadership and driven, talented employees, many good benefits... with a career at SAP you can literally see the world

Cons: Can be a little overwhelming.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP starts the onboarding process before you even join the company. The workbook helps new employees to become acquainted with the culture, vision, and values of the company. Once on board, there is comprehensive training and assistance with finding your way around the Intranet and the benefits and administration.

Cons: Navigating such a large company can be difficult internally.  I'm sure this is the case with any large cloud company though!
Advice: Make sure that people are responsive to their internal and external stakeholders!
Pros: Great pay and benefits, company cares about it's employees.  The company is always seeking input from employees for improvement.

Cons: SAP is large and complex - there is definitely a learning curve for new hires navigating both the organization and the technology.
Advice: None
Pros: Teams are global and diverse. Flexible work hours and work-from-home options create a positive work-life balance. SAP is an innovative company in an exciting technology space.

Cons: None that I have come across, maybe too much travel if you are in sales or consultancy
Advice: Keep doing the great work !!
Pros: * Positive company culture
* Exposure to big names in the industry at employee level
* Work life balance (though its subjective to location and team)
* Flexibility, Great Pay, Good benefits

Cons: * Large company with lots of people, offices, and teams.  Can be confusing finding out who's who
* Products can lag behind best-of-breed competitors
* Changing product positioning and messaging.
Advice: None
Pros: * Great benefits
* Excellent work/life balance
* Lots of career opportunities
* Good training / Invest in their employees.
* Well articulated vision and direction

Cons: Teams are sometimes isolated.
Advice: None
Pros: The company  acts in accordance with it's mission and value statements. I have had two managers since starting here 2 years ago and both are excellent. There is a clear path for promotion and additional training is always available for those that take advantage of it.

Cons: It's pretty random on what role after the training you'll get placed. Some people received some great job shadowing and training, while others may have struggled.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity for growth. The training is top notch and you get to make some great friends through it. After the training they place you in role.

Cons: Misunderstood as monolithic and costly. Could benefit from a different campaign to change misconceptions and perceptions.
Advice: Drive marketing by LOB and create more end user fan fare.
Pros: Awesome company with  intelligent solutions that support the enterprise.  Deep, rich functionality that can address any companies problems.

Cons: No structured career development plan. Almost impossible to move up unless connected  with senior management team.
Advice: Need to revamp career development model to allow for upward mobility in both management and non management career paths.
Pros: Work with the best and brightest, great work life balance, great benefits and a visionary CEO.

Cons: work/life balance can be a challenge because we focus intently on our goals
Advice: do more skip level meetings to ensure you know all of the people on your teams
Pros: the people - very smart and responsive; people who care about other people and want to make an impact on the world

Cons: Team travel is very resticted. I have 25 other members on my team, and it has been 6 years since we have been able to have a face to face meeting.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked for SAP for 12 years and love working here. I would recommend SAP as an employer of choice!!

Cons: Surprisingly, none. I came to SAP via an acquisition several years ago and was worried about being swallowed up by such a large organization. But my fears were unfounded.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home; interaction with people from around the globe; great pay &amp; benefits; freedom to express ideas &amp; opinions

Cons: Large company makes things progress slowly
Disorganized and non-centralized design method, though they're working on it
Can become mundane and uninspiring due to political struggles and people stuck in their ways
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance
Global company exposes you to a wide variety of cultures and perspectives
Large company allows you to explore different areas and industries

Cons: Silos and duplicated efforts; unsurprising at such a huge company
Advice: Remove silos and incentivize innovation by working together.
Pros: Excellent culture that values workers, expertise, and service
Motivated colleagues, mentors, and learners
Benefits and time off you're encouraged to take
Mobility within the company into lateral roles

Cons: Huge company, so you can sometimes experience effects of some bureaucracy
Can take a lot of time to get new products or features rolled out
Advice: None
Pros: Great forward thinking and creative management
Product teams are very interested in user research
Ability to work remotely
Lots of company resources for career development etc

Cons: Global company- sometimes requires odd work hours.
Advice: Company vision is clearly communicated. Keep doing what you're doing!
Pros: Truly a work hard-have fun atmosphere.  SAP advocates wellness, well-being and work-life balance.  Very large company with lot's of networking opportunities.  Great benefits.  Strong leadership.

Cons: Knowing their corporate structure and who to talk to for a project requires you to know the byzantine maze of groups and their fiefdoms.
Advice: Run Simple.
Pros: Enlightened company with great equality policies that support all the unique indiviuals here and also for equal salaries for women.

Cons: Once you joined SAP, there is no other place you would like to work instead!
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a culture to constantly improve, grow and get better in every aspect of the company; Our culture is very casual and open; very flexible to change jobs internally

Cons: Toxic environment
No loyalty from management 
Long hours, NO work/life balance, you just work!
Do it or else attitude by management 
Unreasonable demands!
BAD MANAGEMENT & MANAGERS
Cloud technology lacks, behind many others, lacks innovation
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are good 
Colleagues are nice
Offices are good 

Benefits are good 
Colleagues are nice
Offices are good


Pay grades are @ok”

Cons: I don't have any cons to list.
Advice: Continue all the programs that make SAP strong - diversity &amp; inclusion, autism at work, social sabbatical, fellowships, etc.
Pros: Exciting environment, empowering as a leader, opportunities to learn and grow abound. Very prudent, fiscally responsible leaders. Culture of openness, risk taking, trust.

Cons: Since this is a big corporation and the structure is complex, sometimes it's hard to look through all the levels
Advice: None
Pros: I am a full-time remote employee which gives me a great work-life balance and flexibility. Love the company and it's offerings. Great place to work and develop your professional skills.

Cons: Complex matrix organization with all the big company challenges.
Advice: More structured career path for potential leaders.   Delegate authority within the organization to manage complexity.
Pros: SAP  leadership is strong and fair.    Not a place to fly under the radar.

Cons: You're detached to the Global Design team so most of your design decisions have to be approved by them. Too many layers of approvals before you actually could make an impact in the design decision.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership in training. Will force you to lead a group. Continued education is encouraged. Awesome benefits.

Cons: Influence by German head quarters. Catching up in technologies from cloud to AI. If you don’t have drive yourself, don’t expect to be challenged.
Advice: None
Pros: Access to experts in 25 industries and technologies. Opportunity to be entrepreneurial in a well established company. Opportunities to push yourself.

Cons: Lack of broader understanding of the travel products as core is focused on entirely different business units/verticals.
Advice: Continue seeking advice and feedback from current employees and take risks w/regards to travel products.
Pros: Great support across the board, and incredibly intelligent colleagues. Agility with substantial resources, and treated fairly throughout.

Cons: Can be bureaucratic at times
Slow to change to status quo
Advice: Do not reorganize teams to suit the aspirations of executives, rather focus on Line of business based reorganization of teams.
Pros: Wide variety of jobs to choose from
Possibility to switch teams and pursue one's passion
Great work life balance
Relative stability

Cons: pay little less than other high tech companies (google, Facebook...) in the Bay Area, but you have life.  Remember work to live, not live to work.
Advice: None
Pros: fun place to work (as I work in the bay area); work life balance; everyone treats equally; diversity (very!)

Cons: work/life balance can be challenging; company has gone too far on the PC spectrum but I would assume this is the case with all large corporations
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities for advancement; excellent culture of high-performing individuals; they treat people fairly and with great compassion in most instances

Cons: often disconnected organizations that are duplicating work or looking to "own" an initiative which may not be in the best interests of the company as a whole.
Advice: one brand. solution versus product  based organizational and reward structure.
Pros: inclusive, creative and entrepreneurial culture.  employees feel valued and heard.

Cons: Large, hard to get stuff done quickly.  Many lateral internal opportunities, upward growth very difficult unless you are recruited from the outside.
Advice: Look within before promoting from the outside. Many newbies have a high attrition rate
Pros: Great work life balance. Flexibility. Industry leader. Self paced devlopment opps

Cons: Too many choices for education and career building. It's hard to choose.
Advice: Keep compensation fair and equitable for similar roles. Allow for bigger increases during promotion and progression.
Pros: Great benefits and super talented management team make SAP a solid choice for a long term career.

Cons: Work life balance is not good, always work on a mess. Traffic is really bad and not much rewards other than bonus
Advice: None
Pros: Good team member and good manager. Free lunch and free gym. Has beautiful view inside the Stanford Park. Different commute benefits for buses, bikes and carpools.

Cons: I really have nothing negative to say.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers great benefits, vacation, flexible work arrangements, lunch among other things. The company is focused on diversity and inclusion and also sustainability - which are all very important to me. SAP has been a wonderful employer over the years.

Cons: Office is far from where I live. Double-edged sword of working with people in far away time zones (but sometimes I get to travel there, which is excellent).
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting work, excellent colleagues, 5 weeks vacation, competitive salary and benefits, ability to work from home.

Cons: Jobs in SAP services are horrible. They treat you like a slave. They make you work 60 hour weeks without a blink. They even put it in their contracts with customers. If you want a quick burnout, that's the place to work.
Advice: Treat employees like humans, not resources.
Pros: SAP in general is a great place to work. Compensation and benefits are great. Training opportunities, general culture are good. Lots of talented people.

Cons: None at this current time!
Advice: None
Pros: I am allowed to work from home, 100%.  At this stage of my life and career not commuting in the Bay Area gives me more time at home with family, not driving.  So very grateful to SAP and my management.

Cons: Too much politics. unreasonable resource allocation. The commute is horrible. There is only 1 shuttle bus per day.
Advice: Cloud stability is huge issue. Need to solve this first.
Pros: Good people to work with.

Cons: Needs to grow the engineering delivery process. We also need to better understand priorities. Some of our chaos tends to cause churn.
Advice: Keep being awesome
Pros: High growth, customer centric, cares about the employee, work/life balance is good. The location is great and easy to get to.

Cons: Very large global company that can be difficult to navigate
Advice: We are on the right path and really making a difference for our customers.  Keep your foot on the gas!
Pros: Standards are VERY HIGH at SAP with a culture of integrity, honesty, customer success focused

Cons: Only those that go with working for a big company - sometimes the connection between your role and the overall company strategy and achievement can seem a bit remote.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work schedule, individual responsibility, great compensation, advancement opportunity, great opportunity to try different roles.

Cons: Less upside in stock when compared to SV firms.
Advice: None
Pros: Smart, motivated people. Executive staff are well aligned, have high integrity, focus on delivering value to customers while giving back to community. Good bonus &amp; 401k plans, beautiful office locations.

Cons: Fast paced environment can sometimes be challenging.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Great focus on employee satisfaction, productivity, and work / life balance.
Very supportive when I needed flexibility to meet family crisis needs.
Continuous training on leading edge technology.
Support diversity and inclusion.

Cons: Uncreative and non collaborative environment, no alignment between sales and marketing
Advice: Get more personality. Have a long term perspective. Serve customers better. Get more young people.
Pros: Decent pay, decent people, decent office, decent company reputation. Great work life balance, able to work from home, people are nice.

Cons: Experts within the company are usually over specialized and cant and dont contribute outside their areas.
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Company has huge momentum because of its size, so small improvments , products, features et have huge impact. Very Benevolent company.

Cons: Navigating a large and complex organization
Too focused on quarterly sales performance
Advice: Fully embrace open ecosystems vs. building everything ourselves
Pros: Incredibly talented and caring people dedicated to making a difference
Strong heritage, brand, and customer relationships
Global scale and resources to literally make new markets

Cons: Complicated to grasp business coming from external.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing learning experience, inspiring colleagues, give a lot of responsibility - doesn't treat you like an intern. So happy to come to work every day!!!! Does a great job at retaining their interns and turning into full time professionals.

Cons: Nothing negative to report
Advice: Keep up the great work. Not only do you create customers for life, you keep employees for life as well.  Thank you!
Pros: SAP takes pride in their people.  Strong Supportive Leadship. The culture is top notch.

Cons: European culture makes it very grounded, and in search of constant consensus which sometimes makes slow to adapt to rapid market changes
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible growth company with very competitive benefits package and massive career opportunities. Ethics are ingrained in the company DNA

Cons: Slow to absorb new ideas, hierarchy is strangling new thoughts. Constant stock price
Advice: Try to flatten the layers of managers, don’t try new branding ideas every year, focus on customer and not your brand.
Pros: Great organizational vision, focused on talent growth, great benefits,

Cons: It can be an intense environment.  Much is expected.  If you thrive in that type of environment, you will love it.  If not, you will feel challenged.
Advice: None
Pros: The virtually unlimited opportunities for career growth is amazing as is the culture.

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: Thanks to the leadership team. You are doing a GREAT job!!
Pros: I just love working for SAP. It's innovative and you become a part of the SAP family within a minute.

Cons: Resourceful, collaborative, and agile workers should do very well at SAP.
Advice: Continue cultural integration and cross-LoB collaborations.
Pros: Strategy is predicated on organic as well as accretive growth. Company offers many career development opportunities. Product portfolio and employee engagement continues to power continued success.

Cons: Nothing that I can see...
Advice: Keep up the great work!
Pros: SAP is overall a fantastic place to work. There are many pros to being an employee here, such as great compensation, benefits, leadership, and many opportunities for growth.

Cons: Work life balance - The ability to take your work with you means you often take your work with you :)
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing.
Pros: Great company vision. Excellent team members, and leadership. Work life balance and flexibility.

Cons: Not much but because it is a huge company...
- Frequent internal structures changed
-  Sometime approval process took pretty long time
Advice: None
Pros: - Many other professional teams to work with.
- Huge company, so sort of stable
- Basic technical and policy structures are firm

Cons: Depending on the team you're on, work/life balance can be a challange
Advice: None
Pros: Company is clearly committed to developing its employees, supporting them through challenges and ensuring they feel their career aspirations are being attended to

Cons: - Difficult to understand who does what; lots of overlapping resources
Advice: None
Pros: - Resources in place to make you successful
- Collaborative &amp; team-oriented culture
- Continuous investment in employees career &amp; development
- Strong incentives around job performance &amp; fulfilling development requirements
- Compensation

Cons: Big, so you need to actively work your network, but everyone is helpful and there is a lot of support.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment.  Great Culture. Great vision for the future.  Significant career opportunities and flexibility for work/life balance.

Cons: Too many analysts measuring the same  metrics from various groups
Advice: Centralize measurement and onboard acquired companies under the SAP brand within one year.
Pros: SAP believes in the power of the brand and commits to ongoing advertising campaigns

Cons: -rapid growth and sometimes conflicting priorities
Advice: -Keep on keepin' on
-It's not broke ... don't fix it
Pros: -Empowering and inclusive culture
-Challenging and meaningful work
-High growth
-World class offerings
-Top notch leadership
-Flexibility
-Excellent pay and benefits
-Industry leading stock pan

Cons: Because it's a 'blue chip' company in a way it is often slow to develop in a very competitive landscape
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, benefits, compensation is good, innovative company, and positive corporate culture

Cons: Very long hours depending on your job position. Finding work-life balance is pretty hard to find sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: This company is fantastic in regard to benefits, vacation / personal days per year and flexibility to work from home or from anywhere.

Cons: It is a large company so it could be easy to get lost so have a game plan of what you want to accomplish.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule, free lunch, pleasant working environment, ability to move to new positions fairly easy, great benefits

Cons: I have not found any yet.
Advice: Great job
Pros: As a new employee I found the on boarding process to be very organized and well thought out.  Thank you for that. And the benefits and compensation are good.

Cons: Like all other software companies do have a policy that allows for the company to decide commissions on large deals
Advice: Do away with the big deals clause
Pros: Hands down the best sales culture compared to SFDC, ORCL &amp; SYMC.

Cons: Have yet to come across anything as yet (20 months so far)
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Competency of every colleague is outstanding.  Very collaborative environment and leadership very much cares about everyone working there.

Cons: Building industry experience and product knowledge takes time for those making a career switch
Advice: Make an effort to provide  mentoring and opportunities for new hires
Pros: Work-life balance, career flexibility, and the ability to work remotely

Cons: Org changes are pretty frequent, but to be expected of a company of almost 100k
Advice: None
Pros: Promotes and practices a culture of diversity &amp; inclusion
Great benefits
Invests in employees and encourages development &amp; growth

Cons: Long hours,  changes often and quickly and projects sometimes are done without good change management
Advice: Don't become a manager unless you are passionate about people
Pros: Flexible, inclusive, innovative culture, generous benefits and pay packages, tons of really smart people here.

Cons: Being in sales, and living in a medium sized city, requires lots of travel to our customers' sites
Advice: None
Pros: Community of smart, intellectually curious people with a genuine impact on making the world run better

Cons: Frequent layoffs.  No need to get rid of employees in US alone. Try German &amp; French workers.
Advice: Learn to co-operate. We need everyone to pull this together.
Pros: Great place to innovate; freedom to explore new areas; customer first, always.

Cons: Stupid management especially the new VPs and Managers below them.
Advice: Do not try to hire High School Grads and Old Lunatics who don't know how to be professional, communicate and don't know how to work with co-workers.
Pros: Co-Workers are exceptional and nice to talk and have a chat with and share your feelings.

Cons: Career Progression for younger people is a challenge.  Likely to hit a wall 4 years into your career, but change is good.
Advice: Pay us.
Pros: Flexible, lots of opportunities, decent pay, remote work, networking / visibility is great.

Cons: There isn’t anything that is truly a con.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is very professional and open with communication. The ability to communicate with people through out the company is great. I love my job.

Cons: Palo Alto location of SAP is not where the decision makers are and everything controlled out of HeadQuarters. So interesting work, innovation is limited
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and  job stability is better than industry average

Cons: Salaries are a little low but worth it for a nice work-life balance and upbeat environemtn
Advice: Provide better performance reviews and feedback
Pros: Positive company culture; community involvement and volunteer opportunities; beautiful office with great amenities; very progressive CEO

Cons: We work all manner of hours in a given week.
Advice: None
Pros: I can access any resource at any level in a timely fashion to solve a customer issue. SAP is obsessed with making our customers successful. I love it.

Cons: There were no cons to this process or company.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a family of diverse intellectuals who are incredibly welcoming. The recruiting team has an amazing work ethic and the onboarding process was exquisite.

Cons: -Lower salary
- Poor vision
-New products are nothing compared to R/3 ECC...
-Not enough incentive  for consultants.
Advice: None
Pros: - Always changing so you never get bored
-Lot of travel around globe if you are go getter
-Great benefit package.

Cons: very, very large -- change in the back office is very, very slow
Advice: be less risk averse when it comes to decisions around new directions in HR, Finance, Legal
Pros: Great company, good governance principles, good pay and benefits

Cons: I was bullied and resigned.  I have not missed a day of getting up and worrring about the bully.
Advice: Every company has bullies, most are in plain sight and known.   No effort to clean up the problem.
Pros: Great senior leadership, vision and execution.   Co-works are top notch and I found to be good people

Cons: Complex internal processes, takes too long to get things done
Advice: Run Simple, but you already know it
Pros: Company is building on its old reputation to stay competitive in the new age

Cons: Things can move slow sometimes. Pay increase should improve.
Advice: Look at innovative marketing campaigns to promote brand
Pros: Great software product company. Lots of opportunities if you know to network within. Very people friendly.

Cons: SAP should work towards being more eco-friendly.
Advice: None
Pros: I have worked at SAP for over 10 years and I love the flexibility SAP offers.  I've also been offered great opportunities within the company.

Cons: With such a massive organization, there can be struggles when collaborating with teams in different areas.
Advice: None
Pros: Great professional and personal development opportunities. Room for growth and advancement within the company. Outstanding benefits package.

Cons: Fast moving company, you have to keep up the pace and learn as much as you can.
Advice: Keep up the good work and listen to the employees.
Pros: -Flexible Working Schedule
-No Micromanagement
-Lots of investment in their employees

Cons: Work/Life balance trails the business cycle - plan on a very busy August-December.
Advice: None
Pros: Coming to work everyday and thinking "wow these are some smart folks" after every internal meeting/call is great!

Cons: If an employee stays for long, the rate of increment in salary is not so good
Advice: None
Pros: Best Place to work
Work life balance
Good work culture
Good learning opportunities
Healthy atmosphere to grow career

Cons: None - SAP is truly an incredible place to work
Advice: None
Pros: So many opportunities to grow and explore other parts of the business.  Managers encourage innovative and creative thinking.  Work-life balance is amazing.

Cons: Some times as member of implementation team, the frequency of business travel is a little high.
Advice: Nothing
Pros: good benefits and  paid leaves for all employees, and all the people there respect each other

Cons: Confusing processes, Too many teams that do similar work
Advice: Consolidate Teams, tap employee's talents, Follow up on the great self-development programs available to identify talent
Pros: Self-development Programs, work-life balance, genuinely trying to keep up with market trends

Cons: Some internal processes maybe difficult, things dont move as fast as in smaller companies, hard to change bad behaviors.
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for. very diverse,  allows work-life balance, stable,  options to switch roles

Cons: Challenging to move up, but many opportunities to develop career
Advice: Pay closer attention to the employees and better plan for success for your team.
Pros: Great culture and working environment with many benefits and great work/life balance

Cons: With as well as SAP Ariba has been doing, I don't think the bonus plan matches the company results
Advice: Spread the wealth a little more
Pros: Great company
Great people
Great benefits
Ability to work remotely
All are welcome

Cons: Not much I can add here.
Advice: Keep up the amazing culture and innovation which makes SAP the best place to work!
Pros: Executive leadership, innovation, compensation, up-ward mobility, support, culture.

Cons: I don't have any cons that I cant think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great pay, innovative company, flexibility in work schedule.  SAP is in line with my goals of making the world a better place

Cons: Need more team activity opportunities for remote employees
Advice: None
Pros: Encouragement to be creative
Ample opportunities for education/career development
Strong belief in doing what is best for the customer
Strong products, Strong Leadership

Cons: Highly technical roles
Pressure to get up to speed in role quickly
Thrown to the wolves at times
Advice: None
Pros: Great support within the company
Everyone that works at Fieldglass is talented
Every project is different
Projects are with high profile companies

Cons: Very large organization...can sometimes take a lot of time and red tape to get things accomplished...
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of work from home, backing of large technology company with many different areas of products, collaborative environment

Cons: HR process could be faster
Advice: None
Pros: Love being able to work from home, support from my team and manager, maternity leave, gym on campus, healthy food choices on campus, workplace culture and enthusiasm

Cons: No real cons - Still the best organization I have worked for.
Advice: None
Pros: Work culture and people are excellent
Good compensation and path for progression
Learning tools for almost every aspect of the job and more

Cons: It's initially tough and learning is fun. In USA the SAP related  funtiinal obs are less.
Advice: Super management and awesome exp
Pros: It's really great learning and implementing experience... Looks to me great journey

Cons: Plenty of room for growth, but it sometimes happens slower than it should based on management.
Advice: None
Pros: Great visibility with the execs.
Company gives back to the community via NS2 Serves.
Ability to telecommute.
Great benefits.

Cons: Nothing negative about my experience at SAP
Advice: Keep up the great work!  We are on our way to making the world run better!
Pros: Diversity
Teamwork
Flexibility
World Class Products
Superior Leadership and Strategy

Cons: Not come across any problem yet
Advice: Keep the environment the way it is and we are proud of being part of SAP team
Pros: Transparency, Competitive Payout, Flexible, Learning, Growth

Cons: - not tops in compensation but the work/life balance and other benefits help make up for it
Advice: None
Pros: - work/life balance
- collaborative environment
- treats employees well
- gives back to the community

Cons: Competitive business with expectations of fast turn around times.
Advice: Team oriented incentives
Pros: SAP has great people, offers very competitive salaries and many job opportunities for a long term career.

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: most friendly environment. Need not negotiate on pay scale as they give you the best of all.Work environment is one of the best in the industry.

Cons: Nothing that I can think of!
Advice: None
Pros: Great balance of work and life! Awesome benefits and company perks. Promotes people from within in the organization, therefore many possibilities to grow your career.

Cons: Limited visibility and less opportunity to move up in the company.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an inclusive company. I love working with colleagues from around the world. Flexible work environment, great pay, lots of opportunities.

Cons: None I can think of at this time
Advice: Allow individual organization build innovation and success
Pros: Great working environment and supportive culture

Cons: SAP CD Support Hub(renamed as innovative business solutions) sucks big time !
Advice: stop taking things to heart!.. think with your head !
Pros: none that i could think of

Cons: Invest more in leadership development at the higher levels.
Advice: Continue to drive the strategy and weed out the folks who are not on board.
Pros: Great ability to advance your career at SAP

Cons: Slow growth, no oppurtunity, many doesnt want to slog as they are either wealthy or dumb or aged.
Advice: None
Pros: Established firm with lot of different teams. The best benefits, WFHs and leave.

Cons: some red tape to get through
Advice: keep moving forward
Pros: Home work life is important, work from home opportunities, excellent benefits and advancement opportunities.

Cons: complexity of working for such a large global company
Advice: Keep on the caring path...!
Pros: SAP truly cares about their people!  Work / Life balance is a high priority.

Cons: having to deal with the Work Council and getting approvals. Very slow process
Advice: None
Pros: ability to work remote 100%, connection between personal goals and company goals, people are great to work with

Cons: did not get any bad thing
Advice: Please continue the good support and guide us to the new direction for the industry
Pros: Got all the first hand knowledge and learning resource

Cons: Fast pace environment can sometimes be challenging, but makes work fun!
Advice: Always be open and honest with your employees!
Pros: The culture, people, and environment make SAP the best place to work!

Cons: Work life balance can be challenge in some positions
Advice: Maintain the focus on the customer, and innovation
Pros: Professionalism, diversity, growing, strong leadership

Cons: Nothing really happens, can't drive innovation, management by committee. Acquisition is the only way new ideas can be brought in.
Advice: None
Pros: Job safety, good offices and  locations, low stress

Cons: Rigid, not a lot of opportunity to take on additional work and learn new things. Not enough work to do most of the time
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, good work life balance

Cons: Must have a strong technical apptitude and love to dig into issues to find solutions
Advice: Give additional training on mentoring
Pros: Excellent benefits and a positive pro employee attitude!

Cons: As any big company lot of politics to navigate internally and externally
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work environment, competitive salaries, provide a lot of tool for personal and professional growth.

Cons: Some groups seem to be getting better but others are reluctant to change.
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, competitive salary, innovative, all voices are heard, and sense of personal purpose.

Cons: name recognition is low since we have small consumer footprint
Advice: None
Pros: challenging work in latest technologies 
flexible work environment
teamwork and camaraderie
You can make an impact on customers every day

Cons: With such a broad solution set, it can sometimes be challenging to locate the right expert or resource needed.
Advice: None
Pros: Innovation, Culture, Opportunity for advancement and continuous learning

Cons: - Difficult to understand the solutions if you are new to SAP
Advice: - Continue to invest in training. It is very helpful.
Pros: - Great team
- Dynamic work cycle
- Good benefits

Cons: Too many politics. No effort from management to encourage growth (provide time for e-learning opportunities, incentives for advancements).
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities to work on many different projects. Some are interesting, some are OK.

Cons: It needs to innovate more aggressively and stabilize the HANA DB better than it is now.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the best brands and highly professional company to work with.

Cons: At the end of the day, it is a German company with HQ in Walldorf, rural Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, respectful environment, family friendly

Cons: There is a lack of diversity within my organization leadership.
Advice: Base promotions on merit.
Pros: Amazing place to work with great benefits and people ready to mentor you.

Cons: a bit complicate org structure
Advice: Simplify the teams and org structure, make things clear, don't duplicate same  responsibilities in different department
Pros: Flexibility and opportunities, nice people and culture

Cons: Multiple Lines of Business can sometimes bring field complexity but very valuable proposition for customers seeking digital transformation
Advice: None
Pros: Company, Culture, Innovation, Focus on Customer, Diversity

Cons: Nothing that comes to top of mind.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work.  Good management and strategy.  Benefits and Compensation is very nice!  Nice work life balance.

Cons: Like any large company, decision making is sometimes convoluted and slow
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Great culture, strong focus on learning, employees come first, innovative. Benefits are outstanding!

Cons: There is a lot of information to navigate. But it is doable and there are lots of resources to take advantage of!
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible culture, learning and winning environment.

Cons: Fast Moving, Need the drive to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Great place for Growth. Best Perks and Benefits. Great People. Great Work Life Balance

Cons: Salary in my area is below market but overall I still find SAP a better place to work at
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, flexibility, opportunities, culture, senior management

Cons: Work environment is intense with little guidance.
Advice: Try to bring the teams together better and allocate accounts on a basis of the potential for solution/LOB
Pros: Opportunity to make good money

Cons: You just land a good job if you have a good network within the company
Advice: Retain your talents
Pros: The company has the right vision and strategy.

Cons: Feels like not a lot of works for me to do.
Advice: None
Pros: it was a pretty nice experience. People in the group are really nice and passionate.

Cons: Salaries are not as high as other company in bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Flexible time. Nice culture. People are nice and helpful.

Cons: Work German and Indian hours while being PST. Can be very long days.
Advice: None
Pros: Great to learn the platform business and SAP ecosystem.

Cons: Salary is low compared to other companies.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is one of the top-ranked companies to work for.  They have good benefits and treat their employees well.

Cons: Large organization and at times the navigation to get things done can be a challenge.
Advice: None
Pros: -Good benefits
-Lots of career opps
-Nice people to work with, in general
-Flexible work schedule

Cons: Salary, NA, NA, NA, NA
Advice: Go SAP - keep driving innovation
Pros: Cool technology, best run business run SAP, flexible working hour, vacation, Benefits

Cons: functional consultants require in person training classes in order to keep up with Ariba system enhancements
Advice: offer a program for gym membership reimbursement
Pros: Stock purchase, unlimited sick days,

Cons: Complex operating model 
Limited incentives for non-quota carriers
Advice: Remember  millennials like money too!
Pros: Global organization
Mix of young talent vs. seasoned leaders
AMAZING CEO
Incredible brand

Cons: Low bonus and stock awards compared to local competition, parking
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment, great work/life balance, time off, very few big egos

Cons: Pace of change, depth of matrix, adoption of technology
Advice: None
Pros: Breadth of Solution, Push towards Innovation, relationship with customers, compensation and benefits, opportunities to do different things

Cons: highly political and overly matrixed.  Sellers on strategic accounts have too many accounts.
Advice: increase account dedicated sellers
Pros: powerful technology and effective corporate strategy

Cons: Lack of training.  Leadership is focused on their own path.
Advice: Focus on your people.  Not yourself
Pros: A lot of autonomy.  Great product

Cons: Traveling too much, cuz we need to be at client's site.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, learn a lot here.

Cons: salaries are not competitive with other product development companies.
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours and few days a week work from home  option depending on the team.

Cons: too focused on quarter and not long term relationship- issues in integrating acquisition to make it simple for clients
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of very smart people and great ideas

Cons: the career path may be limited when you work here for many years
Advice: None
Pros: very good company welfare, high level management, work life balance, know different people.

Cons: Pay increase is very small even after promotion
Advice: Hire better designers who care about the bigger problem.
Pros: Nice work-life balance.
Nice starter job

Cons: Work/Life balance is an issue sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: I have been 12 years with SAP and absolutely love how the company re-invents itself to lead the software industry!

Cons: It is corporate America, so big business is to be expected. Many different groups.
Advice: Continue to invest in people
Pros: Flexible, competitive, lots of opportunity

Cons: Siloes like many big companies. Slow to make decisions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership team, exciting time to work there, flexibility is very good

Cons: Poor work and life balance. Have to have frequent evening meetings with remote teams
Advice: None
Pros: Nice colleagues, and easy to work with.  Stable job.
Free lunch
Flexible working hours

Cons: Benefits could be a bit better for this size company. 401k match is minimal.  Salary is biggest issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Good people,  management generally has your back.

Cons: Can be a little chaotic with the ongoing changes, but the pro's make it worth it.
Advice: None
Pros: Corporate vision, People, Benefits, Training and new product line

Cons: I cannot think of one.
Advice: Keep up the great work.
Pros: The people are a pleasure to work with. Offers true work-life balance.

Cons: Inflexible, expensive, mired in process.
Advice: Try to become nimble like a cloud company.
Pros: Fast paced, constantly evolving, collaborative.  Smart people everywhere who truly care.

Cons: many processes and sometimes difficult to navigate organization
Advice: None
Pros: driven and caring coworkers who are smart and can challenge the status quo

Cons: Managers play favorites and it’s tough to advance financially with 2-3% merit increases.
Advice: Don’t play favorites and make your self available.
Pros: Great work life balance!

Cons: Can be tough for younger talent to break through.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment. Fast paced, but everyone is willing to help eachother. Strong leadership and direction.

Cons: maybe the salary is not that nice
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is suitable. The company has its own building for developers. And working here is really amazing.

Cons: Not diverse at all. Great company to advance in if you are white.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and people. Nice atmosphere.

Cons: scale of company can hinder efficiency but everyone is a team-player and works well together
Advice: None
Pros: this company is dynamic, evolving, thought leader

Cons: lots of products within the SAP portfolio.
Advice: None
Pros: Peers, innovation, leadership listens to ideas, fun and engaging work, cool office spaces (Fieldglass), flexible work schedules.

Cons: sometimes there are parking space issues.  Long on going  Construction
Advice: None
Pros: benefits, vacation, travel, free lunch, gym, positive environment

Cons: Traffic in the bay area
Advice: None
Pros: Great Workplace Culture
Incredibly innovative company vision
Free lunch everyday
Friendly People
Shuttle services for commuting

Cons: I have no cons to share.
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: SAP encourages employees to grow, develop &amp; join different lines of business!

Cons: horrible worklife, broken corporate culture
Advice: treat employees better
Pros: Decent compensation program, great experience, good benefits

Cons: I can't think of anything negative at this time
Advice: The management at corporate is doing a great job
Pros: Great people and products, enjoyed selling

Cons: Red tape (common at many large companies)
Advice: None
Pros: Good compensation, great perks (free lunch, free gym, generous maternity/paternity time off), flexible work  environment

Cons: None so far. I really love the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment and colleagues 
Great grow possibilities
Great management and strategy

Cons: - stocks growing slow
- lots of oversea call
Advice: None
Pros: - working environment 
- awesome colleagues
- systematic

Cons: Need to keep up with the dizzying  pace of change... Things are just changing too fast.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People, Great Products, Great Customer!

Cons: Work life balance could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic work environment; very supporting management; encourage ideas &amp; suggestions; life at SAP is like a family.

Cons: West coast leadership tends to be less work/life balance oriented and more demanding.
Advice: drive consistency with leadership
Pros: Very family oriented; work life balance oriented

Cons: Far Too many organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is an amazing place with lots of perks and provides a stable environment to work.

Cons: Can't think of any
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible schedule
- Great Benefits
- Management has high expectations of individual contributors, but even higher  expectations of themselves.

Cons: In comparison to other sales gigs, this has to be one of the best.
Advice: None
Pros: If you can sell, you'll get paid very well.

Cons: like any other big companies
Advice: keep up the good work and vision
Pros: work life balance is great

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours and friendly environment. Managers wanted to do everything to help interns learn and grow.

Cons: Travel can be significant based on the role
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with strong customer focus and appreciation for diversity

Cons: Sometimes the internal processes can be more complicated than necessary
Advice: Keep up the great work
Pros: Culture, benefits, strong financially, great leaders

Cons: - Very low pay compared bay area standards
- Boring, outdated work 
- No latest technologies used in products
- Very bad green card policy
Advice: If you can't pay like your piers then consider moving out of bay area
Pros: Good work life balance and free lunch. Nothing else.

Cons: None that I can think of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with excellent benefits and endless opportunities.  Comprehensive training is second to none.

Cons: Too many organizations that face up with the client
Advice: More focus on P/L at the program level
Pros: Respect for employees as individuals

Cons: - size has grown tremendously
- increased competition
Advice: None
Pros: - Energetic and forward looking company
- Cares about employees
- Salary on par with big 4

Cons: Limited guidance for growth opportunities
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, work remote, good benefits. Encourage work/live balance and for everyone to have a purpose.

Cons: - bought out by SAP so company is more regulated and less flexible
Advice: Keep the culture strong
Pros: - flexible hours
- fun environment

Cons: Lots of US vs Germany politics.  $/hr vs results-oriented in software development.

Check-box attitude to diversity.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, decent benefits.  Nice stock programs.

Cons: salary, work area is not stable
Advice: None
Pros: work, life balance, great office, colleague are nice, have good lunch, free drink, good teamwork,

Cons: Some teams have really good work but not all.
Advice: None
Pros: -Great place to work
-Work-life balance
-The team I worked in have lot of opportunities.

Cons: being in a large corporation means large corporation workflows and rules
Advice: None
Pros: work-life balance, development opportunities, good benefit package

Cons: I see no downsides to working at SAP
Advice: None
Pros: It is truly a great company!!!  I love everything about my job!!

Cons: -big company bureaucracy makes it difficult to get decisions/approvals
Advice: None
Pros: -charismatic and inspirational CEO
-good work/life balance
-good benefits
-free lunch

Cons: Can be a political work environment
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits, low stress and good work life balance

Cons: The work can sometimes be extremely difficult and stressful.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing.
Pros: Great benefits, Superb upper management, great co-workers

Cons: large organization and sometimes it is a bit complex
Advice: None
Pros: Very Flexible and very inclusive organization

Cons: Slow. Very beuqacratic place with working with German style. Not innovative in mindset.
Advice: None
Pros: People are friendly. Good work life balance

Cons: There are no development discussions and no where to go internally.
Advice: None
Pros: Virtual office makes work/life balance excellent.

Cons: None I can think of.  Can improve food quality in cafe.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and place to work for.

Cons: Slow career growth and not getting a chance to work on latest technologies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and employee benefits

Cons: Sometimes you can be given unrealistic expectations when completing your role.
Advice: None
Pros: There is a ton of support if you get stuck.

Cons: Technology stack is very specific to SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Very nice company, location is good, perks like free food

Cons: not much cons that I can say, overall a great company to work for
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working hours, divers environment

Cons: Needs to offer better tools for training
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits - Great place to work

Cons: not applicable. a great place to work at
Advice: None
Pros: excellent work culture and work life balance. one of the greatest ceo

Cons: more competition for every role
Advice: nothing
Pros: opportunities are huge for the professional growth

Cons: Siloed Departments, Poor Inter-Department Communication
Advice: Work cohesively with other departments.
Pros: PTO, Sick Policy, Maternity Leave, Work Life Balance, Management

Cons: Hard to source opportunity beyond your first
Advice: Think younger
Pros: Not the worst place to work

Cons: Very big IT company, change management could be faster although it has improved
Advice: None
Pros: Great flexibility for the employee

Cons: Not always an opportunity to transfer into a full time position
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Ability to work remotely

Cons: i don't see any at this point
Advice: None
Pros: Employee engagement, Team support, company benifits

Cons: Just like any large organization, it's easy to get lost in the mass
Advice: None
Pros: They actually care about their employees

Cons: Depending on department you work in, could have limited chances for promotion
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible Working Schedule
Good pay
Promotes Work/Life Balance
Good vacation/PTO

Cons: Big can mean slow sometimes
Advice: Keep up the good work!
Pros: Frantastic innovative company
Strong CEO
Strong balance statement
Good work life balance
Good pay

Cons: Very large company, don't always know who's who.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work - pay, benefits, people, culture, etc.

Cons: Not a lot of growth for a designer long term
Advice: None
Pros: Good life work balance, Stable and global comapny

Cons: Does not have uniform HR policies and system for all departments
Advice: None
Pros: My manager was good. So, good experience working with that team.

Cons: No free lunch, no snacks in office, no commuter benefits
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours, generous WFH, passionate coworkers

Cons: Nothing  I have about Cons
Advice: Keep up the good work
Pros: Good work Life balance

Cons: Getting very large and losing its personal touch
Advice: None
Pros: Caring environment - very professional- leading edge technology

Cons: Often political environment for head count
Advice: None
Pros: Independence, development, learning, risk taking, overall incredible growth opportunities for young talent

Cons: Can't think of any except the food wasn't good.
Advice: None
Pros: Care about their employees
Have a lot of benefits for interns

Cons: nothing noticed as of now
Advice: NONE
Pros: I recently joined SAP, as of now everything looking good

Cons: I don't have anything negative to say
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good work culture and amazing work life balance.

Cons: People there is less passionate.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a place you can have a balanced lifetime.

Cons: Salaries not quite as competitive as rest of industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture
Flexible work arrangements
People people people

Cons: Slow Change management
Complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance
Management Supports personal growth 
Flexible work culture
Values diversity

Cons: None none none none none
Advice: Keep up the good work managers
Pros: Salary benefits people location remote

Cons: Nothing I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Work, life balance AND FLEXIBILITY
good benefits,
Opportunities for fellowship, internal transfer

Cons: Depending on the team growth can be slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and working on cutting edge technologies

Cons: Sales can be demanding and stressful
Advice: None
Pros: Earning potential; fast pace; great benefits; terrific people who are really smart

Cons: Slow to adopt innovation, change management
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, Great company culture and values, Wonderful colleagues, Awesome location

Cons: Complex organization with many employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful people.  Dynamic environment with lots of opportunities to learn

Cons: too process heavy and inside-out product-oriented
Advice: Need to walk the talk
Pros: Great transformative employer with purpose

Cons: little bit slow-pace, and not high salary
Advice: None
Pros: life work balance, nice manager and colleagues

Cons: Expect  frqueent  organizational changes
Advice: None
Pros: Many employee benefits - create time for employee to innovate

Cons: too diversified, and too many legacy products
Advice: Focus on next generation solutions
Pros: Amazing Technology, Great leadership, Good culture

Cons: need bring more business partners in.
Advice: better communication
Pros: great benefits and great working environment.

Cons: I cannot think of any
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible hours, value innovation

Cons: My oay could be more
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, you will learn alot and have great work life balance.

Cons: Sexist, not a lot of movement opportunities
Advice: invest in your human capital
Pros: Flexibility, great product -easy to stand behind

Cons: All things considered, very few to speak of.
Advice: None
Pros: Great People
Love the Culture
Part of Innovation
Good Collaboration
Offers Challenges
Great Brand
High Growth

Cons: I have to work a lot of hours for my type of contract
Advice: None
Pros: The hours are really flexible

Cons: There are no cons in my honest opinon.
Advice: Managment keep up the great work.
Pros: Amazing company
Benefits
Balance 
Compensation 
Training

Cons: The squeeze for profits is on as customers become cloud customers
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, smart caring people

Cons: Slow to innovate. Frequent reorganizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Inclusive culture, work-life balance, great colleagues, great food.

Cons: Company needs better controls in place to stop rework
Advice: None
Pros: employees drive towards the vision

Cons: Nothing I have witnessed during my tenure
Advice: keep up the good work
Pros: Good company to work for

Cons: gender disparity in salary in the consulting world
Advice: None
Pros: diverse portfolio and job opportunities - end to end

Cons: Management has too high expectations and little to no involvement
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunity to work with really smart people

Cons: Can't think of any yet
Advice: None
Pros: - Truly care about their employees
- Great benefits, especially generous PTO

Cons: travel, cant think of much else
Advice: Keep doing what you're doing
Pros: Work Life balance, flexibility, pay

Cons: At times can be a little bit slow going.
Advice: None
Pros: It's a good place, with good people.

Cons: Compensation is not that good.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to work at. Flexible in  WFHs.

Cons: Talks about diversity but are sometimes clueless in what they do.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits! Good work-life balance

Cons: It is challenging to navigate SAP's complex Org. Structure
Advice: None
Pros: Career Growth,  Life/Work Balance, Recognition, Culture

Cons: The industry can be very competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits (Share Matching, Time off), Great Management, Learning opportunities.

Cons: More opportunity to get exposure to other areas
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities and recognition when you do work very hard

Cons: Large company red tape sometimes an issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Great leadership, Innovative solutions, wealth of resources, fantastic compensation.

Cons: Nothing as such. It is a good place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work culture. Good work life balance
