Cons: The communication between the different departments is pretty nonexistent.  The right hand has no idea what the left hand is doing.  This creates frustration when you realize that 3-4 people have been tasked with the same thing and you've just been spinning your wheels.  Also there are some senior level management that treat administrative staff as if they are beneath them even though without them they wouldn't be able get anything done.  My work isn't necessarily challenging and I find myself bored and watching the clock quite often.
Advice: Trim the fat.  Define the roles of your employees and really get to know your employees strengths and put them in a role that challenges and inspires them.  You have some great talent but they are suffocating under the managers that have outlived their usefulness and are afraid to let them spread their wings for fear they might outshine them.
Pros: SAP overall is a great company.  There is low turnover and the majority of employess have been there 5+ years.  They have great perks for fulltime employees i.e., free  lunch, tuitiion reimbursement, etc.  There are a lot of contract employees which don't reap these benefits.  Contract employees are indefinite and there is really no explanation as to why this is or how to eventually become permanent.  Overall I found it surprising that for a tech/software company a lot of upper management is on the "senior" side and not very technologically savvy at all.

Cons: Performance expectations are at times crushingly high.  There are never enough hours in the day, and most at SAP would acknowledge that work/life balance is a challenge.  SAP is not for everyone, especially anyone who struggles with constant change and cycles of uncertainty.
Advice: Continue driving process improvement, particularly speed of internal processes.  The new focus on simplification is overdue but very welcome.  Push for more diversity at the top.
Pros: SAP is a fast-moving culture where we are pushed to stretch our limits, demonstrate our strengths, and overcome our weaknesses.  The best thing about the SAP culture is its generosity - both in the accessibility of its leaders to guide and support, and in its long-standing commitment to corporate social responsibility.  Also, the company never stands still - when others in the industry are scaling back, SAP is driving toward growth through innovation.  It's an exciting environment to work in day to day. You are surrounded by some of the smartest people in the industry, many of whom will welcome you to their dialogues and initiatives.

Cons: - Center of gravity is in Germany, lots of things have to go though the HQ. Sites / product units are not independent enough which hiders agility.
- Turf wars and kingdoms result in an inability to re-distribute resources adequately and dead branches sticking around for a while.
- Complex to navigate and lots of dependencies between groups can slow you down
Advice: Very good moves lately, keep going. Keep up with the people-centric agenda. Try to work on less politics and a more de-centralized model.
Pros: - Genuine care & respect for people, no hire & fire mentality. Good benefits although less than they used to be. Employees can speak their mind openly (thanks to our German friends I guess)
- Highly diverse and talented workforce. People from all over the world, probably more Europeans than your typical SV company account for a rich cultural experience.
- Lots of new exciting products and technologies
- Opportunities for lateral moves once you've proven yourself and built your network.

Cons: It has the typical downsides of a big company, things move rather slow. It has hard to execute since you have to comply with a lot of rules and regulations. The fostering of Top Talents is not done in the most optimal way.
Advice: None
Pros: This company is truly international, and you get a great cultural experience. I have worked with people from all over the world in only 5 years of employment. Whereas I was mainly working within USA (East coast and west coast), I had a lot of interaction with Germany and India in my time. Also some of the activity will take you virtually or physically into the Asian Pacific. My management team is absolutely fantastic, great atmosphere with truly flat hierarchies and great collaboration. 

Benefits are great (20 vacation days after 5 years of employment), great share matching programs and small perks (which can grow big) such as free lunch and free subway ticket.

Cons: Internal processes are rigid, complex and poorly documented. Poor on boarding and training mean that when you start, expectations are high, and you're on your own. Teams, territories, managers, etc. are always in flux. Don't plan on having lots of friends at work. Very competitive. Product quality can be an issue for future sales. Product support needs work. Products are expensive. You don't get paid on maintenance and services. Net-new product only. Many roles have heavy travel.
Advice: Settle the team structures down. People need to trust each other and know each other's strengths and weaknesses in order to execute complex sales cycles well. Simplify, simplify, simplify.
Pros: Great sales culture. Selling trumps politics. Growing portfolio of products in the bag. Sales management gets directly involved in moving deals along. Comp plan is getting more complex every year, but it is still comparatively straightforward and rewards overperformance.

Cons: Consultants are constantly told that SAP is a software company even though more than 50% of sales comes from services. Policies are constantly tightened and tweaked to squeeze every penny from consultants who are making less than 20% of the hourly charged. Upper management is so tight with money that all consultants are overworked and more than 50% of incoming work gets fielded by partners.
Advice: When a company posts 9 straight quarters of profits in the millions everyone gets angry about squeezing pennies. Stop trying to make so much profit and instead focus on supporting the employees.
Pros: Goes out it's way to build a sense of community. Above average pay and likes to emphasize how important work-life balance is for every employee. Good benefits and vacation. The public has a very high opinion of services provided and the product itself.

Cons: Depending on which part of the organization you are in, the nature of work can vary dramatically. SAP has seen tremendous success with its ERP applications. But, success has been far and few in other areas. The company is trying to reinvent itself in areas of Cloud and Mobility.
Do not expect to work on the latest and greatest of technologies. Speed of innovation has been another challenge. Things tend to move slow, and the focus is usually on delivering a near perfect solution rather than something quick and good enough.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP being a 40 year old Enterprise Software company offers a very stable work environment. SAP Labs is the R&D division of the company. Work is interesting, as we keep exploring new opportunities to build new features and products. The culture is consensus oriented. There is not too much of hierarchy.

Cons: No work life balance in senior management - sometimes busy-ness and meetings take over and we lose touch with staff. Need closer ties across sales force and supporting teams.
Advice: Need to believe in Bill and Jim's inspiration and direction and remove cultural obstacles. Make tough changes with staff who don't believe in working with more passion and velocity. SAP is back so we must all lead and encourage leadership at every level
Pros: Work life balance in middle management is good. More innovative today than SAP has ever been since ERP started. More pride now that SAP is one of world's top 25 brands (assessed by Interbrand). Communication getting better and feeling that Oracle whilst still strong has had its day

Cons: Not very innovative, and becoming increasing unable to execute. Living off large maintenance revenue stream. No cloud strategy. Retail Industry business unit has no leadership and no real power to develop solution direction and investment. development teams unable to execute in reasonable time compared to competition. Sales organization in North America does not know how to sell retail solutions and unable to position what they have. Net new License revenue growth in North America has been limited over past three years at best.
Advice: Stop investing in retail development because your sales organization does not know how to sell retail solutions.
Pros: Provides good solid benefits, talented people, solid and very large global customer base, very flexible with ability to work from home. Strong financially stable. Extensive global partner eco-system.

Cons: - Depending on the role, sometimes I need to get up really early (like 6:30am) to catch a conference call with German HQ.
- some projects / products are similar and competing against each other.
- no stock options (but have stock discount offer)
- sometimes don't have the subject matter expert locally and need to take a long time to email and ask for the right person to help in a project / to resolve an issue.
Advice: less politics, more strategic planning for the future of the company. Gain market share in the new strategic solutions.
Pros: - flexible hours, can work from home during the work week (with manager's approval)
- free lunch, nice work environment in Palo Alto, CA
- stable working environment

Cons: Keeping pace with the number of advancements SAP has.  For customers its great because they can focus on what they need at the time and know SAP has it.  However for employees, we are expected to know what they are and it takes time to learn them all.
Advice: Continue building teams of experts for individual apps for employees to go to for answers.
Pros: The most innovative company I have ever worked for.  SAP is changing the landscape with new technologies that most people haven't even thought about.  I like working at a company where I know the products are the best, most creative, and benefit its customers better than any other solution can.

Cons: The bonus structure has been severely cut in past years as has the benefits.  Consultants cannot hit a home run
Advice: When consulting projects don't go well - don't look to punish the project manager - it could be that the client had factions working to make the project difficult.  Understand the situation and help the project manager succeed if possible, else pull him off and help him to be successful on other projects if the one project is 'polluted' with a poison.
Pros: Insider (almost unlimited) information on the products and services.  Very deep knowledge base from other employees when they are willing to share.

Cons: With the tremendous growth the company has experienced over time, SAP is still suffering some of the growing pains, such as the introduction of many processes and regulations that sometimes get in the way of executing business quickly and an in innovative way.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has grown to be a dominant force in the software industry and diversified a lot over the past 16 years I have been with the company. SAP has a very diverse workforce and provides flexibility  as well growth opportunities. SAP has provided me with an opportunity to work with highly motivated and skilled people and enabled me to achieve a reasonable work life balance, developing my career while raising my family.

Cons: Extremely fast paced, everyone is pushed to the edge to get high billable client time.  Very little time for maintenance of self or any "out of the box" specialties the clients should have.  Get it done, get it done, get it done.  And we do.
Advice: Hire more help.  Encourage work/life balance.  Technical writers to document software changes/directions is absolutely necessary.
Pros: Learning experience - on the cutting edge.  Everyone is extremely helpful and giving.  Culture is open, honest and all cards on the table.  Pay is good, benefits are great.  Cloud computing allows freedom to work remotely.

Cons: After you reach a certain stage, there are no more ways to grow your career. It is a bit top heavy with too many managers/executives doing too many things. The company has strong challenges on the services side from an execution perspective. Work Life balance is almost impossible to achieve in certain roles.
Advice: Need to improve on work life balance especially on the consulting side and find ways to grow people's careers.
Pros: It has been a wonderful experience working for SAP and the benefits are good. It would be better if there were good growth prospects within the company.

Cons: Hard to go up the ranks, political environment from VP-level and up.
Very complex organization that is perpetually changing due to periodic reorgs.  You need to be a very flexible person who adapts to change quickly.
Advice: Increase meritocracy, look outside of your close circle for talent.
Pros: Truly international, global organization where you can interact with people from all continents in a given day.
Ownership and flexibility  - most people work from home office
Company has lots of resources and small ideas can become big very rapidly if you manage to set the wheels in movement.

Cons: Acquisition is a mess , you bring in the old companies strategies to the world of SAP with now preparations and minimal coaching and the higher manger expect changes right away!
Advice: Please make sure to check up Acquisition and try to melt in the new blood with old blood to reduce the factor of failure. SAP has not a brilliant history in managing acquisitions
Pros: Great benefits and employees networking is very helpful and all what you need is to ask for help from a colleague.

Cons: Big company which moves and makes the decisions slowly.  Slow promotion. The company quickly dismisses contractors, without any explanations. Contractors don't really get majority of benefits.
Advice: Listen more to employees' opinions and improve top-down communication. Try to reduce, a least a bit, level of bureaucracy.
Pros: SAP is really good company to work at. Its main positive sides are:   compensation and benefits,  corporate culture and values , work environment, flexible working hours, respect to each other's culture.

Cons: Slow to market with new technology and solutions. Difficult to find internal resources in an ever changing support matrix. Sr management seems to be focused on largest customers and deals only.
Advice: Accelerate bringing new solutions and technologies to market. Reduce the complexitiy and time burden of sales field reporting. Encourage innovation and creative approaches in sales and account management.
Pros: Smart people and can do attitude across the organization. Culture of success and professionalism. Strong brand market share of legacy ERP customers to leverage.

Cons: Too much of project management work. Having a Technical background, I wanted to work more on the Business analysis side but most of the work I am involved in is project management related
Advice: The leadership at SAP is truly amazing. I have frequent meetings with my manager and give him regular updates about by day-to-day work
Pros: Work culture
My position and working with experienced people helps you learn so much
Flexibility in working with different teams
Teammates are really helpful 
Good work-life balance

Cons: Very political due to the size. So much time wasted in e-mail and meetings and simple synching up and info sharing. Reorgs happen like clockwork every 6-12 months. Working at home has its lonely downsides.
Advice: None
Pros: Telecommuting very common, so very flexible work hours. Company is doing well financially, and that results in a warm paternalistic atmosphere which reminds me of college. Find the right niche and you can make a very comfortable work-life balance for yourself.

Cons: No career growth, too many senior managers and no direction from Senior Management on career options. So most people get stuck in same position for years
Advice: Team Leads should be more knowledgeable about the product, team member strengths, so they can better guide the team members. Also think about making career options same for any geographical location. Currently it is only open for PA and CA
Pros: Great compensation, life / work balance

Cons: It's a big company: prepare to navigate politics and work the system. SAP craves innovation but there are strict technical boundaries as to how a product is built (e.g. java only), which slows down some innovation efforts.
Advice: Lift barriers to innovation.
Pros: Potential impact of your work is great, because SAP has reach and muscles.
SAP takes care of its employees. Full benefits, vacations accumulate up to 5 weeks (at 10 year mark).

Cons: Some recent hires into senior positions diluted the culture.   Used to be a better place to work 5-6 years ago.    With Bill and Jim being so high up, the culture below has fallen apart.  Many excellent people are leaving.
Advice: Look at the upper management ranks (SVP level)  ---  Lack of leadership and empathy is prevalent!
Pros: Excellent compensation, the co-CEOs are phenomenal.

Cons: -Lots of different systems to log in to and hard to keep track of all of them
-
Advice: Try to minimize all the systems we have to log in to.
Pros: -They don't track time off, you know your work-life balance and work with your manager for time off. They really value work-life balance
-Very business casual. At the Minnetonka office you can wear jeans and a sweatshirt to work!
-Free lunches on Wednesdays
-Free Fruit & Veggie Fridges

Cons: - Tremendous low morale, at least, at the San Mateo/SSF office
- oblivious to technical challenges. Their solution is to throw more people at difficult to solve problems, and often incompetent or mediocre people.
- Difficult to hire in the San Mateo/SSF, being exacerbated by the high rate of attrition.
- As expected, projects are moving offshore to either Shanghai or Bangalore; not by choice, but by necessity. 
- The SAP acquisition only made matters worse
Advice: You have a tough road ahead. I hope you recognize it.
Pros: - Very strong Talent suite
- powerful sales machine. Able to sell vaporware better than any company I know.

Cons: The salary isn't that great and my boss can be a pain. But the food is great and I feel loved by all of my fantastic co-workers.
Advice: I would try gettign on your boss' good side because he promotes people that he enjoys the company of. It doents matter what you know...it matters who you know.
Pros: The atmosphere is great and I feel like I can really become a team player when surrounded by my peers.

Cons: Extremely dirty office politics
Management doesn't have the courage to face the employees in person so they ask the recruiting company to do their dirty job of letting us know due to budget cut, we don't have to go in tomorrow. No warning, no word, nothing.
Advice: The worst leadership I've had to endure. Give up dirty politics and appreciate loyalty and hard work of their employees. Should give enough time to look for another job when they decide they don't need employee services anymore.
Pros: There are no pros other than my co-workers were great bunch of people to work with.

Cons: You must give 110% in each activity, it's very rough so it's not for anyone who can't handle a strong position in a big company.
Advice: Must continue developying all the business in the whole region, outside America. There are big opportunities to continue growing up the business.
Pros: It's a big company where you could have a lots of opportunities to develop as a professional.
It's also a great place to work.

Cons: Heavy on travel due to consulting/direct sales atmosphere
Advice: Keep it going! Look to expand deeper into data analytics and mass data storage.
All in all, you are doing a strong job. The Co-Ceo is the way to go!
Pros: -Ability to work international on projects/job opportunities
-Respected company amongst competitors and customers
-Smart people everywhere
-Strong pay/benefits.
-Subsidized lunches (basically free)…..Awesome!

Cons: The company is heavy on processes and crippled by it's on leadership and groups when trying out new innovative projects and business developments.
Advice: Invest in people management and development, appreciate your talent listen to it and nurture it instead of losing it to competitor.
Pros: Worked on multiple projects in multiple areas and met with customers both in and outside my line of business and in big conventions.

Cons: Very easy to get pigeon holed into a position, and very tough to get out of. Growth is bad.   Not everywhere, just in PS.  Time sheets and expense reporting very cumbersome.
Advice: Too many mid-level managers.  This needs to be thinned out.
Pros: Great place if you are in the right position.  Compensation and benefits good. And people generally nice.

Cons: SAP is a relatively conservative company, you have to gone through a lot of meetings and discussions in order to make a simple decision.  Sometimes it is frustrating, but I think every big company has the same issue.
Advice: 
Pros: Its a big company, so there are many areas to grow your career and further advancement

Cons: Too much Germany control in application development
Consensus culture means decisions take forever and bureaucratic processes stymie local decision making and execution
Unwilling to accept failures and move on such as business by design
Advice: Give autonomy to SVP level people with a budget and revenue target. Let them make their own decisions and prove them.
Pros: Great, collaborative, collegiate culture
Excellent salary & benefits across the board
Smart colleagues

Cons: If you are looking for a place to have a professional growth in terms of becoming a manager this is not the best company to work with. They usually bring excecutives from the outside rarely develop people, even if you are a top performer
Advice: improve motivation and growth for employees.
Pros: Working Moms are very well appreciated
Good Pay
Good Vacation Package

Cons: Travel, I only left to work locally for Microsoft in Redmond WA
Expectations from SAP management, customers and partners can be very high at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent benefits, and learning opportunities - it is difficult to not learn something new every day. SAP does an superior job of providing employees with the tools needed to perform your job.

Cons: burned out people
people that are forced to change through acquistion
Advice: start by building a foundation, stop wasting time patching.
Pros: decent benefits, career growth potential, nice benefits such as healthy food fridge

Cons: Typical large enterprise issues- slow processes and inefficiencies, lots of bureaucracy and confusion
Advice: Train  better managers better, people jumping from technology to management generally make life very hard for themselves, their reports and the company
Pros: Very decent benefits, smart people, interesting projects depending on the business unit.

Cons: Working with a huge project/team can be frustrated.
Longer you stay, better politically wise you should be.
Sub-par salary.
Advice: Many team and people spend time doing nothing in this company. Even more people don't bother to care how budget were spent.
Pros: Decent benefit packages. 
Flexible working ours and locations.
Complimentary lunch.

Cons: Heavy workload, not much work life balance
Advice: Keep up the good work - employees are proud to work for SAP. It's amazing what the company has achieved in a relatively short period of time.
Pros: Company culture is very positive, company leadership is respected and the people are great.

Cons: Work never ends... There is always a customer problem that needs to be worked on.
Advice: 
Pros: There is always something new to learn and improve your skills.
I'm dealing with customer challenges on a daily basis which force me to learn new way of improving my customers business processes.

Cons: - wish there was more mentor-ship opportunities
- would like to get paid a bit more, think my salary may be lower compared to others.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible work schedule (can make your own hours)
-Bright colleagues
- Good working environment
-Lots of opportunities to travel

Cons: HR not as capable or knowledgeable.  SAP hires in my opinion the worst HR executives in the industry. Not a Good company for Immigrants especially for Visa holders
Advice: None
Pros: Great Product, Good Colleagues, Nice Office environment.

Cons: The numerous reorganizations make it challenging to remain focused & drive sales.
Advice: Improve change management by increasing communication.
Pros: People will go out of their way to help you. SAP culture encourages a great team environment with lots of collaboration.

Cons: Old school work place and lacks fresh ideas
Difficult to get anything done due to excessive layers of mid management
Core of the development still out of Germany
Advice: Need to trim middle management to be more efficient
Pros: Great place to learn SAP solutions

Cons: need to improve some processes so that things move faster
Advice: please spend a little bit more on employees stuff like food, commuting options etc.
Pros: Very easy to move around teams to work on interesting projects, fair compensation, good work life balance

Cons: There appears to be nepitism and it's not clear why some individuals are promoted.
Advice: Create more programs for junior employees to gain support and advice on their career track.
Pros: Great flexibility and work/life balance. Very smart people at the company who are overall very supportive of fellow colleagues.

Cons: Little recognition
Difficult to take vacation
Work/life could be better
Advice: Conduct 360 reviews. Get a better understanding of who the week players are and put them on PIPs or get rid of them.
Pros: Work is rewarding
Great benefits
Everyday is something new

Cons: Not a lot of career opportunities in certain positions, would prefer to work at a company where employees are recognized for their hard work and compensated fairly.
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible work environment, allowing employees to work at their own pace and schedule.

Cons: Typical big old fashion technology company.
Product design is pretty lame.
Advice: None
Pros: has very good balance and freedom of life/work.
compensation is satisfied.
People are chilled and nice in my team.

Cons: high expectations from customer and quite often unrealistic, SAP takes blame for others mistakes (like implementation partners and customer consultants mistakes)
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, work culture, team work, professionalism

Cons: Abiguity about the future of the organization now that we are owned by SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: 99% of the employees (at our office in Minnetonka, MN) are getting paid to do work we love.

Cons: None which immediately come to mind
Advice: Continue to shake up old processes to help SAP be more nimble.
Pros: Very flexible on work hours/work style

Cons: very complex processes and historically grown application.
Advice: Management should focus on improving the existing applications more or replace them by new technologies.
Pros: Good perks, salary, work-life balance

Cons: Unfortunately, due to company layoff in 2009, I am no longer there.
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for training, on-site fitness center, subsidized lunches, great people to work with

Cons: Process heavy. Proprietary Technologies. Not a typical Silicon Valley Company.
Advice: Support top performers.
Pros: Nice work culture. Lots of flexibility. Decent perks. Can learn about Enterprise problems.

Cons: travel from east to west can be brutal in winter! If you love travelling... go for it!
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, excellent benefits, nice travel perks... above all great product!

Cons: the job is not so challenge, and salary is low
Advice: None
Pros: Good campus location, nice view, kind people, strong product and solutions

Cons: Glass ceiling for middle management
Advice: 
Pros: Lots of brain power.  True global approach.  Nice people and working conditions.

Cons: No career path; no work life balance
Advice: Provde a career path and consider work life balance
Pros: Good networking relationship can be established

Cons: Low  youth engagement and has big business processes and problems.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and organization to be in. They continue to grow and evolve.

Cons: still Germanic culture, very poor integration of acquistions
Advice: None
Pros: good pay, smart people, good core product acquistion strategy is questionable

Cons: There is a process for everything.
Advice: Learn how to support employees during re-org changes.
Pros: Stable company with many career growth opportunities.

Cons: organizations within SAP very siloed
Advice: None
Pros: ability to change positions, personal job growth, good work/life balance, positive atmosphere with management team

Cons: too redundancy of postirions in company
Advice: innovation is the key and transparency to the employees
Pros: Growth Potential is strong for employees

Cons: None that I can put a finger on.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Energy
Enthusiastic people who are willing to give their all in what they do.
Tremendous opportunity for growth.
Highly encouraging leadership team.

Cons: Most of the decision power is in Germany
Advice: Provide more autonomy to other labs
Pros: Great place to work for. Opportunities and benefits are great.

Cons: In consulting travelling is one negative which is true for any consulting organization
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work and learn. Excellent career opportunities.

Cons: There is a lack of process and sometimes feels disorganized.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and everyone is so nice.

Cons: Too much travel, Less room to grow, too much expectations and work load.
Advice: None
Pros: Good learning experience, Nice benefits.

Cons: Very large company with complicated structure.
Advice: Keep going
Pros: Global presence, strong management team.

Cons: large complex org. structure can make process challenging
Advice: None
Pros: flexible schedule and work location
intelligent and creative colleagues
international opportunities
