Cons: Terrible demand gen organization. You will be on your own for cold calling and prospecting. This is where you lose work life balance! A lot of pressure to build pipeline with no PROPERLY staffed and distributed demand gen support. No account history repository so you start from ground zero when you get your account list, begging the former team for their time on the phone to data dump. MEN get the best accounts compared to tenured women and therefore appear to be more successful in the role and then get promoted as a result. THIS NEEDS TO CHANGE! Sellers are hurt by accounts not renewing software that they purchased years ago that the sales rep had nothing to do with. Sellers are hurt by the cost of providing SAP services to help accounts realize the value of what they bought. For example, if SAP provides a free consultant to assist an account, that cost comes out of the sellers next deal or is carved out of their commission check! If a concession is made and a credit is given to the account, that comes out of the sellers commission! This is demotivating and unfair!
Advice: Give the sales teams best in class CRM and demand gen support. Put more women on the good accounts and better distribution of active named accounts.
Pros: Amazing SMEs and support when you are in a sales cycle. Smart people who are willing to help and share their expertise. If you get a good named account list, you can be successful.

Cons: Diversity and inclusion, while good, has sort of gone a little too far like it drives the company. If you are a female wanting to climb the ladder you have a distinct advantage, enjoy it, they will roll out the red carpet for you.

Not always nimble. Process changes were mandated frequently, but change in reality happened slowly, like turning a large ship. Often as soon as everyone finally got on board with the changes, new changes were required.

Sometimes it seemed like changes were mandated simply because a new chief took the reins and felt the need to rock the boat.

In 2019 shortly before the pandemic hit, SAP laid off thousands of people as part of a "global restructuring." In the United States, employees and entire teams getting the axe were told their time was up because they were not co-located. So remote work would no longer be supported? Funny how the new rule did not apply to everyone. Many suspected it was a way to eliminate older, senior, highly compensated employees. Then enter the pandemic -- "Oops, reverse that, we were just kidding, remote work is the only way!"
Advice: Don't fix what ain't broke. You don't have to rock the boat when things are going well.
Pros: In general, reasonable work-life balance. Strong support for full-time remote work, even pre-pandemic. Healthy culture of honest, open communication. Positive collaboration between departments.

Cons: Equity sharing could be way better. 401k matching is not great. Product portfolio needs to modern up! Large company that trips over its internal processes which makes any change time consuming. Germany doesn’t seem to place the almighty buck in an equivalent importance as US in terms of aggressiveness in sales but their kindness to their people somewhat makes up for that. Everything in life has its trade offs. Quantity or quality… you need to decide.
Advice: Time to ramp up in equity sharing. The board has been in existence since the beginning of time and it is evident they don’t want to share the profits. Diversity speak is great but need to walk the talk more. Modernize sw and reevaluate and increase diversity in leadership roles - based on merit.
Pros: SAP has wonderful people. There will always be a few bad apples wherever you go- SAP is no exception. But for the most part, I’ve never worked with a kinder bunch. You are free to share your ideas and be your authentic self. 
Pay is standard market , benefits- standard. Great work life balance- It’s HQ out of Germany encourages employees to take their vacation time and really supports employees well. I have literally never seen any amount of back stabbing or underhandedness from anyone here. Best culture in a company so far.

Cons: Work life balance is a thing of the past. 
Pay is half of market rates. 
Development senior leadership is overly frugal and inexperienced; they set unrealistic goals with no objective reasoning and then blame/punish the productive roles for failing to meet them.
Development senior leadership is only concerned with getting something on the product listing; no regard for quality or product viability.
Development senior leadership greenlights projects that aren’t ready and short-circuits their own product lifecycle processes, leading to serious delays from research.
Development senior leadership is completely inflexible about product release dates for literally no reason other than to get products listed as fast as possible, leading to release of unusable software.
All members of leadership constantly make bad decisions for short term gains because they are using their roles as a springboard into higher leadership and leave before they face any consequences.
Product Managers have their own reporting line so they have completely different goals and success criteria not aligned with their development teams.
Product Managers have no scrum training nor experience, don’t come to scrum ceremonies.
Development managers who are brand new to the company think senior developers are inept because they haven’t quit already, don’t consult them on major decisions, and then blame them when everything backfires.
Development managers have no B2B nor enterprise software experience, and fail to recognize the inherent complexity.
Advice: Pay better and support work/life balance. Actually talk to senior technical staff about team dynamics and technical decisions. Involve technical staff with interviews for people who will be on their own team.  End the practice of hiring new graduates to just to save money.
Pros: Moved towards modern technologies and architectures.
Benefits on par with job market.
Large corporate users/customer base.

Cons: Speaking solely about their involvement in the healthcare industry for ERP, they haven’t EVER been competitive in this space and have failed to make a commitment to doing so. Let me amend that statement… over the last 25 years SAP has made a few attempts to create a true “Healthcare Vertical” but then pull the plug after a couple/few years. Selling within the healthcare group is an uphill battle for many reasons but truly are leaders in many other industries.
Advice: My belief is that SAP made the decision a long time ago that becoming competitive within healthcare to compete with Oracle, Workday, and Infor just isn’t worth the investment. The “Juice isn’t worth the squeeze” so to speak.
Pros: SAP is a fantastic company to work for due to their company culture. They push the importance of personal well-being and having a work-life balance. The sales organization for high level sales roles compensates generously. Their employee benefit package and time-off policies are great.

Cons: Comp is 15% - 25% lower than average in the same role.
Work life balance is never good if you want promotion or salary rise.
Toxic politics - Although you work 50 - 60 hours a week and achieve amazing tasks, if you are not leadership teams favor, your career growth can be very slow.
People can occupy at the same role forever and stay in their comfort zone easily.
People diversity is NOT always true like my engineering dept.
Advice: Team should consist of diverse people from different races. When 99% developers and managers are in the same race, how can we trust there is no bias on performance reviews?
Pros: Have so many different resources to learn tech.
You have opportunity to transfer to different locations.
As a global company, your experience can be fun and interesting to engage across teams.
Good PTO policy.

Cons: - Workload ebbs-and-flows considerably over the year (usually a mad dash to hire heavily in Q1 followed by decreasing demand throughout the rest of the year) Can lead to feeling burnt out in Q1 and bored in Q3/4
- Systems and analytics are shockingly basic for a tech company (ATS is crude compared to newer software products on the market, metrics and analytics are impossible to find)
Advice: - Invest in workforce demand planning and load the hiring demand more smoothly over the entire year. 
- Invest more time and resources into strategic recruiting practices (more technology and data for recruiters to leverage in their day-to-day) 
- Fix the ATS - the internal ATS is the worst system I've used in my recruitment career, and it's functionality is 20 years behind other competitors in the market.
Pros: - Super flexible work arrangement (can work pretty much whenever from wherever) 
- Strong culture of trust from Talent Attraction management - recruiters are truly regarded as experts and opinions are respected

Cons: SAP used to be a good company, from the employee and product point of view, however, it continues to decline in both areas. 1) Pay – still good overall, however, it comes with a price of high demands, long working hours and negatively impacted work / life balance. 2) Benefits – look god on “paper”, however, in reality hard to utilize. Time off is negatively affected by high demands, learning advancement hard to get as it is linked to manager’s budget / performance, and the rest is similar to other tech companies. 3) Management / company structure – different in various parts, however, overall highly hierarchical and focused on German top management. Company rewards qualities that in many cases lead to promoting “bad” managers. Leadership and vision are negatively affected as many in top positions left the company. The current top management is just supervising the operation. 4) Job security – relatively low if you are outside of EU. German / European employees are unionized and protected by EU law, so any workforce changes only affect those outside of EU. Layoffs often happen behind the scenes. 5) Products / innovation - SAP used to innovate internally, however, for some time the focus has been on just acquiring. The acquisitions had a varying level of success, yet almost none went well. The result is a suite of disjoined products requiring ongoing fixes, corrections and many time re-architecting. Switch to the subscription model shifted the burden of those issues to SAP employees. 6) People - the company has been steadily losing top talent / performers. 6) Other – financials are heavily influenced by outside investors. You can still learn something for your next step; however, plan than next step early.
Advice: Change the way you promote people. Some of your managers are border-line abusive and HR refuses to acknowledge it. You need true leadership and vision as just supervising the day to day operation can only get you so far.
Pros: Pay and benefits are still good and some learning is possible.

Cons: Staffing is not always equally considered in various regions in the world creating a disproportionate workload in certain regions. This likely has a lot to do with cultural tolerances for a disproportionate work life balance especially in North America, but the company should be more sensitive and aware of the disproportionate workloads and strive to improve it. It is very difficult to provide customer satisfaction without the resources needed but we really try.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great benefits and lots of smart people to work with. Love the daily challenges and collaboration. SAP has a genuine interest in customer satisfaction. In general, the pro's far outweigh the cons.

Cons: The CEO is the son of a German politican who happens to be best friends with Hasso. Hasso makes all the decisions around here. Most of them are poor. Below market pay, below market raises... and you guessed it! Poor career trajectory. Attrition is very high in North America but the board chooses to focus on Germany, where employees have unionized and have rights. The executive board is a clown show. The CEO and both CTOs are completely unfit for their current roles. Its a German boys club at the top. Diversity and Inclusion is also a joke here. Once you get to a certain point, you must be a white German male or female to be a leader.
Advice: Hire based on accomplishments - not who knows the founding members. Pay high performers and eliminate low performers.
Pros: The job is incredibly easy. You need to do some highly illegal stuff to get fired from SAP. I worked maybe 10 hours a week here.

Cons: I haven't found anything bad about the company yet. If i have name one, it is the company is so big that it is going to take some time for me to poke around to get familiar with different teams and it's people and functions.
Advice: It really not much advice for me to say. I have been provided support and flexibility to do my job and grow my carrer. I do appreciate it.
Pros: I had been hearing about all the good stuff about my team during the hiring period and from other departments when I first joined the compant. It's been not quite long. It's about a month and a half, but i can confirm it's true. All the seniors in the team all very welcoming. They greeted me and offered support/help at the very beginning. I didn't expect I can make any impact to the team in a couple of months. What am I surprised for is that my work can be recognized by the managers in such a short peroid. So far my overall experience is great.

Cons: A lot of talk around diversity, but seems to care very little about it. Very focused on increasing female representation,  yet offers the bare minimum in regards to parental leave.  The D&amp;I team is very small and seems to have very little opportunity for impact.

Much of leadership is old school, very “we’ve always done it this way” and not receptive to new ideas. Protective of the old ways rather than looking towards innovation and collaboration. Many great new hires leave because they are stifled by the culture that values what is known over what could be achieved.
Advice: Talk is just talk. Action matters more
Pros: Stable, fiscally conservative company.  Great health plan.

Cons: Pay was low compared to industry-standards. Work-life balance suffers in departments dedicated to Sales support including Finance, Legal and Ops. Never enough headcount to keep up with sales goals.
Advice: Hire more people and pay them better. It's a fabulous company and one which I recommend to this day but the company will be more successful if you adequately staff. SAP was far too lean to successfully support your customers, sales and employees. "Lean and mean" will not scale.
Pros: Mature business with efficient organization. Generous benefits and employee support. Early adopter of remote WFH model even before the pandemic. Diversity initiatives and corporate support for them is good.

Cons: The current CEO has never worked anywhere else and is very insular, and doesn’t have the market or customer trust our former CEO had. Group think in his office is a concern. Change is constant - depending on your job you could have new KPIs every year, and they can change mid year, so you have to be flexible. Th be company is very entrepreneurial - the good news is I’ve encountered few micro managers, but the flip side is many jobs you just have to figure out on your own - there’s not a lot of structured learning and onboarding outside sales, and it can be daunting and overwhelming when you’re new. The whole company runs on networks - if you’re not good at building networks, unless you’re in dev or maybe support, it’s difficult to ramp up quickly.
Advice: SAP may have been revolutionary in its practices fifty years ago, but the German engineering that got us to be the largest enterprise software company in the world is best suited to an on prem environment… we need radical change in the way decisions are made. We need to break the habit of consensus decision making that pushes every single decision up several levels, no matter how small. Cloud isn’t just a software mindset - it’s got to be a cultural shift to rapid, agile management, too.
Pros: European style benefits e.g., stay long enough you can get up to 30 data PTO/yr.; excellent healthcare options, some offices provide lunch Really wonderful people who share knowledge freely and are at the top of their game, well-regarded brand in the industry - the company name opens doors and alumni network is strong. Collaborative, supportive environment with mentoring and reverse mentoring programs, autism at work, employee interest groups, and a highly diverse workforce compared to most other tech companies, especially the percentage of women in leadership roles.

Cons: Everyone seems nice enough but there is a very clique culture that is really strong the higher up the ladder. No transparency or trust from anyone. Don’t get lured in by all the good reviews.
Advice: Listen to the worker bees on the ground and don’t believe all the hype management tries to blind you with.
Pros: Good salary and benefits. Unlimited sick days.

Cons: Because there are so many employees, you can get lost if you do not speak up and ask questions.
Advice: Continue to provide the employees with tools to assist in networking for your next position.
Pros: There is so much to learn at SAP! After almost 10 years I can still say, " I have a lot to learn." SAP provides opportunities to move within the company and experience different roles. It is up to the employee to network within and choose their own path.

Cons: Processes can sometimes be cumbersome and complex but this is usually driven by compliance requirements. Compliance is definitely very important for SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: I have been with SAP for a long time and SAP has done a great job transitioning from the onPrem business to the cloud. SAP is all about cloud now and has a great cloud product portfolio and an outstanding leadership team. The collaboration between teams is generally very good. Of course there are always exceptions but in general everybody is very helpful, friendly and interested in the success of the customer.

Employees have great flexibility with regards to work location and hours. You don't need to be there 9 to 5, you can start early, work late, take breaks in the day, work from anywhere. The flex work policy is outstanding. 

The technology SAP is using is up to the newest trends but we make sure everything is enterprise ready as we support large scale customers which are very demanding and reliability is critical.

Cons: This may apply more for my area rather than whole company
-Hard to get a grasp on workflow
-Management feels extremely disconnected from employees
-Cut a lot of benefits since I had started
-Horrendous WLB at times, working weekends and until 8pm several nights with no extra benefits
-Pay was low for amount of hours putting in (Sometimes 50-70 hours) compared to other similar teams
-Many early talents I have seen leave SAP in large troves for better opportunities not even that long into there time at the company
Advice: Create more incentive for Early Talents to stay and create a better WLB for some teams
Pros: -Good opportunity for growth
-Good Benefits
-Job Security
-Great and helpful colleagues
-Cool office
-Constant events for employees
-Always willing make improvements to work culture

Cons: Frustrating for high performers and people who want to achieve
Due to too many people, cannot get consensus on anything and due to multiple timezones, cannot even have meetings to take things forward. 
You always deal with strangers in different countries - 50% of whom will not respond at all - regardless of what you ask or how you ask
Advice: Manage your company better!
Pros: Less work; can relax - great for people with multiple kids or other priorities
Not competitive; stable job with a very stable company
There will always be reorgs and so it will always be ambiguous as to what you need to do- so no need to do any work; just sit back and watch a movie- no problem!

Cons: CEO Christian Klein isn’t selling SAP like Bill McD did, stock price is at a 6 yr low, budget cuts risk US employees more than German
Advice: Woke agendas are a great opportunity to sell SAP software - talk about global warming by sharing how companies beat global warming by using SAP software. Talk about gender equality in context to using SAP software to address it.
Pros: Value on work life balance, value on job security

Cons: Management is a joke. The promote talkers rather than do-ers. They also keep no one accountable. 

Company commuications are completely unclear. 

Company just runs poor. Its a laugh they expect to be able to help other companies run better. For example, they own a expense report company (Concur). However they have the worst expense policy themselves (Not concur's fault). If you go for a team dinner or traveling with a group and eat at the same dinner you have to get VP approval. Thats even if the meal is being paid by the client. This creates such inefficiency and confusion its laughable. Then the audit team (SAP not Concur) doesnt know how to read receipts and rejects most expense reports for no reason and takes a escalation to get it approved. 

HR is effectively humanness with everything (oustide of VP level) being just a ticketing system.
Advice: Split the company into multiple new companies. You are acting like a inefficient government.  Adjust or you will continue to lose in the future. .
Pros: *High pay for very little work. 
*They do not fire anyone for any reason (also a Con).

Cons: Pay can be a little bit less (5 to 10%) than working for an integrator but this gets offset by stock purchase plan and other benefits.
Advice: Ensure we attract the best people not only those that already have experience but those that do not and ensure we have programs to grow talent coming straight out of university
Pros: Very good team work and collaboration. Growth market. Lots of opportunities for personal growth. Ability to work with the latest and greatest technology. Great benefits. Relatively reasonable work life balance.

Cons: Meetings meetings meetings. Very waterfall; deadlines are determined by product stakeholders at the beginning, without consulting engineers, and never modified.

Local management can (and was for me) very 'butts in seats' mid-pandemic, and regardless of the company's 'pledge to flex' ("you don't have to be in here 5 days a week 9-5. Just 8 hours of your choosing MWF. See? Flex!). 

Equity grants are budgeted only for ~half the team. 401k takes 3 years to fully vest. Comp is below market for companies of its size/name brand.
Advice: You're not agile, even when you think you are. No one who has worked there for the past decade is going to be able to fix that for you.
Pros: CEO is actually looking to steer the behemoth into the public cloud. Uniquely positioned to understand the needs of non-tech companies and create broadly usable solutions (albeit very inefficiently).

Cons: Navigating the politics is sometimes a challenge.
Advice: Keep listening to your employees.  They are the lifeline and key to your success.
Pros: I have worked for SAP for almost 10 years (Prior to that worked at a company that they acquired). Their Pledge to Flex program is a huge benefit to work at your best. While being with a big company can be challenging to navigate and find the right role, there are so many opportunities available. You may have to take a role that is a stepping stone towards your ultimate dream job. However if you put in the work, stay curious and never stop learning, you'll find that opportunity and schedule that is right for you.

Cons: Salary is low, comparing to FAANG companies, but it's OK. I'd rather go for SAP with lower salaries and less stress than for such a company with a short-lived employment with high salary and high stress.
Advice: Keep up the good work and thank you for being considerate to care for employees!
Pros: Simply the best place to work for Lots of learning opportunities Work-life balance

Cons: Be patient— given breadth of solutions and very global team, it can take time to truly ramp. Build internal and external SAP networks quickly to drive success.
Advice: None
Pros: World-class products and complete end to end business application portfolio (more vast than any other software or technology company). Altruistic culture based on doing what’s right for the customer and long-term healthy growth. Desire to drive innovation and business transformation focused client discussions.

Cons: Bureaucracy was painful. Projects took too long and required input from too many team members and teams. Strategic direction was hard for management to convey with so many product lines and divisions.
Advice: Strategic direction was hard for management to convey with so many product lines and divisions.
Pros: Stable job and career, decent pay for remote environment, coworkers were generally smart and hardworking.

Cons: -Nearly impossible to implement new ideas for efficiency or positive changes to process-- way too much red tape and bureaucracy. 

-This is likely a common one for SaaS/cloud companies, but Sales often puts Implementation, Solutions, and Operations teams in a difficult position by overpromising on functionality and timeline. This his been a known problem for years, and always impacts project success, yet management puts very little time and effort into solving this issue.

-Over 100,000 employees. You are just a name on a spreadsheet

-SAP has a number of incredible products. They also have many applications that make zero sense to end user. It's difficult to effectively use many of their applications, even for SAP employees

-Too many org/changes, strategy adjustments, new leadership, etc. Not much consistency
Advice: The biggest thing is that there is too much red tape. So many of the internal SOPs are extremely cumbersome and inefficient...and nearly impossible to change.
Pros: Great benefits, many career paths, great resources

Cons: Extremely difficult to find part or full-time young (less expensive) workers with excellent work ethic and minimal mistakes
Advice: I am the owner of P &amp; A Consulting - So no advice, COVID killed my business model (Inviting individuals to live events)
Pros: Flexibility, growth potential (until COVID) Exposure to all aspects of business ownership

Cons: They sometimes lag a bit in terms of the software products they are bringing to market. I believe that's part of a huge company compared to a start up.
Advice: None
Pros: Love this company. They do care about their employees and ensuring this is a great place to work. It took me a bit to find the job that fit my personality, skills, and interests, but once I did, easily the best experience of my career

Cons: Work/Life balance needs to improve. Many employees work from home during hours that work for them, and then in addition to that, will also work late nights and/or weekends.
Advice: None
Pros: Company is really great with Flex Hours and understanding that as a global company- everyone is going to be working at different times (and usually working from home).

Cons: Company moves slow, and sometimes does not speak to itself
Advice: Work together and please make sure that there is alignment in one strategy horizontally and vertically
Pros: SAP supports the individual and helps him /her innovate

Cons: Almost no pay increases, no incentives to work hard - as there's no advancement
Advice: Remember that executive salaries are public and those doing the work can see when you take huge salaries, even as there's no money for rewarding rank and file employees.
Pros: SAP is a solid brand name to have on resume

Cons: They're struggling to transition to the cloud mindset.
There are lots of long-timers who have been with the company a long time and want to continue doing things the same way as 20 years ago.
They're very good about women in leadership, but I don't see people of color much in leadership. I think the people have generally inclusive values in terms of collaboration, but they need to show it in their hiring practices.
Advice: None
Pros: Good values in terms of sustainability. 
Handled the pandemic well, didn't lay anyone off.
They act with integrity and ethically.
Smart, talented people work there.

Cons: Little room to move, and develop. The company as a whole struggle to innovate or think fast. They are always on a hiring freeze, benefits lack, and raises/ pay are behind industry standards.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, ability to work remotely.

Cons: CEO is not very inspiring and not sure he is the right one for moving the company forward
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic culture and company that cares about its employees. Excellent benefits and competitive pay.

Cons: Seems like a constant re-organization of resources and budgets. New management seems to have full flexibility to fill their teams with friends and family so promotion from within is hard to come by (most open positions are not truly or fairly offered to those working their way from the bottom).
Advice: - Loyalty in an organization needs to be a reciprocal arrangement - so you need to look within first and focus on developing that talent. If you are always looking outside, chances are you are doing a poor job at development and retention issues will follow. 
- Listen to customers (yes), but listen to and focus on your employees first (they will take care of the customers for you).
Pros: By far, the individuals at SAP are the most competent and genuinely nice people that I have met in the software industry. Good culture led/driven by the employees. Compensation is fair, bonuses are always paid.

Cons: It's a very competitive environment - depending on your perspective, this can seem like a lot at times....but it is only that way to make you better and strive to be the best employee possible. Not a CON to most, but can be to some people.
Advice: Spending more quality time with each team member. It's better to overcommunicate, than to under communicate. Overcommunication bores (but is highly effective), and under communication cripples! Even if it's a 5 minute chat, it can go a long way. No issues from my direct manager, but perhaps getting to meet the higher-ups, that they report to, will go a long way!
Pros: The teamwork is unmatched! Everyone is helpful with sharing tips/tricks/best methods for driving sales numbers, etc. Marketing does a fantastic job with qualifying leads for the Sales team, which makes our jobs easier! Extremely thankful for that. Positive environment, from a culture standpoint. From one peer to the next, everyone is looking to help you grow!

Cons: Work-life balance is not good. Although not official, there is a "leadership committee" within product support where they decide people's life and if they don't like you, there is no promotion. Hard work won't get you a promotion being a sycophant with the leadership group will. Lack of transparency.
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities. Salary is Ok.

Cons: Again, the experience depends on your place in the organization. The experience, for example, in the Global Center of Expertise (a support/consulting function) can be condescending. While never the target myself, I saw others publicly berated multiple times when they could have been coached instead. Additionally, if you made a mistake in front of certain leadership, it would be very difficult to recover from. I did not experience either of these elements from other business units I served in. There were specific leaders, who had been raised in the organization over a long period of time, who were ultimately responsible for both of these issues. To be fair, some of those same leaders had some redeeming qualities as well--including really going to bat for people when it was time for a raise . But those qualities were not enough to overcome the negatives for the leadership in place. 

If after a long time working at the company you decide to pursue a career change, I would advise not trying to complete the transition within SAP. One might think it would be easier to change internally, it is not. There is a huge headcount is gold culture among hiring managers; which is likely true in many organizations. However, at SAP it makes it incredibly difficult to make a change even with transferable skills. It essentially makes hiring managers unwilling to take a chance that they might take otherwise, on someone who has great transferable skills but might not have the functional background (which they could learn). Examples of my own experiences included:
- 10+ interviews for one position, but then having an external consultant chosen instead
- A manager told me I didn't have enough experience in their function despite the fact that I was willing to reduce my grade in order to grow and had significant levels of transferable skills.
- Many hiring managers, after 2-3 (sometimes more) interviews, never get back to you; you find out weeks later through automated notifications that you didn't get the job; when they did let you know, they almost never responded to requests for feedback that would help you grow
Advice: Provide leadership training on how to deliver feedback (specifically to the members of what was the Global CoE in 2021). 

Transform from the headcount is gold hiring culture and take chances, specifically on long tenured internal applicants trying to make a change. You'll find them to be motivated, quick to learn, and a passionate member of the team. 

Reduce the number of interviews--5 interviews was not uncommon, in one case I experienced 10+. It's a waste of time and money for SAP and a horrible experience for the candidate. 

Infuse empathy into the hiring process. You might not be able to reply to every external candidate you interview. Internal candidates are taking a risk by applying and if you are going to put them through 2, 3, 4, 5 interviews and not be willing to reply when they ask for feedback so they can improve, you are adding to a negative employee experience. SAP did a project a number of years ago about Moments that Matter in the employee experience; hearing feedback was a moment that mattered for me, and honestly, not hearing it over and over made me feel that I didn't matter to SAP.
Pros: I spent more than 15 years at SAP, so obviously there are many good things. The experience you have is going to differ (sometimes drastically) depending on the part of the business you work in. If you are in the technical space, it's an amazing place to grow--over time you could stay in the same role and work on many different technologies because they are always evolving. If you are into problem solving, its also a really good place to work--they have the tools and methodologies for root cause analysis in customer support and you'll learn a ton even if you're already good at it. People tend to stay in the organization for a long time or return to work there after stepping away.

Over the time I worked there, I saw incredible growth and transformation, and over that time I continued to have good benefits, and good bonuses. I learned a lot.

Cons: With everything in life, great rewards, and success come with a lot of hard work and some late nights. I would not say this is necessarily a con, but just a normal part of anyone's career who strives to work and succeed at a top-tier technology company.
Advice: When you have a process that is working, don't try and fix it.
Pros: SAP is the type of quality organization you hope to work at and are able to make a life-long career in. The options for career growth, personal skills growth, and the ability to move around within the company are endless and only limited by your personal success map.

Cons: Large corporation sometimes set in it's ways
Advice: Keep up the good work.
Pros: Dynamic. Fast paced. European and progressive

Cons: Constant travel to clients sites
Advice: Keep up the great work of developing high quality consulting talent
Pros: Freedom to execute/implement your innovative ideas

Cons: Bleach Explosive diarrhea Dirty diapers
Advice: None
Pros: Money Flexible hours Didn't have to deal with retail

Cons: Working abroad is an issue with a 30 day limit on out of country work. 

Some internal systems are out-dated and need a complete overhaul
Advice: Push harder for tool updates. Some visibility into customer info is required in order to be more effective in CEE role
Pros: Perks, pay, work/live balance. They provide everything you need to be successful and allow for remote, flex, or in office work depending on preference

Cons: Rarely a pure technology play. Best to make sure you're aligned with the core SAP value
Advice: None
Pros: Big company in, almost like several mega-companies in one

Cons: culture pay is not up to industry
Advice: None
Pros: learn how to run a sales cycle exposure to a large network ecosystem

Cons: Extremely micro managed, a lot of pressure on employees about performance, onboarding is virtual and not the greatest, they should do a boot camp for all new employees prior to entering their role.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for, they provide you with everything and beyond what is needed to help you succeed. Everyone is willing to help you no matter what.

Cons: Nothing as I could remember
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Working on real productive projects which helps on growing economy

Cons: Part of colleagues culture is somehow spoiled by company benfits policy.
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment to self development on technical, business and softskills.

Cons: Stability, low salaries as for now, big flat payments in area, you need to have a car.
Advice: None
Pros: Stable position, nice office with food and nature around

Cons: Global company = can cause delays, bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Work with many great, talented people Products that deliver strong business value Lots of customer references Continuous improvement

Cons: Sometimes there is too much work
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of learning and growth opportunities, good benefits, good culture, good people,

Cons: Outdated Cloud Technologies Salary not comparable with other product companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance Wide product portfolio

Cons: As a company still reeling from the side effects of COVID-19, the return to work has been slow but steady. Therefore, the in-office environment is a bit quiet at the current moment.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a strong focus on empowering the employee and opening doors for career advancement. They not only want to see you advance in your career but prosper. In addition to this, they have a strong Early Talent community, which allows colleagues early in their careers the ability to network, learn and develop from senior leaders.
They also offer in-office amenities that promote mental &amp; physical well-being such as a gym, stipend lunch, collaborative and open working spaces and outdoor walking paths.

Cons: Additional social events could improve dynamic
Advice: None
Pros: development and growth opportunities team culture and dynamic

Cons: This is a great place to get started as a new graduate. However, after you have gained some experience it is time to move on. 

SAP is miles behind other companies when it comes to pay and other perks. They will pat themselves on the back about all the great things they do hoping you don't realize that other tech companies do those same things far more often, and better. And pay you 50% more.
Advice: Watching all of the technical leaders on a project leave for more money elsewhere is not good for morale.  But it seems like that's the entire operating philosophy in Vancouver -- hire out of school and groom until they leave for greener pastures.
Pros: - stable
- decent pay for new grads
- good people
- nice office (Vancouver)

Cons: Salary is lagging behind (pay raise has been about 3%). You have to transfer internally or keep switching roles if you want a realistic pay bump on the consulting side. Getting promoted especially as consultant is pretty difficult. You have to be on the right team at the right time pretty much.
Advice: Provide more frequent promotions and better career path/options for consultants so that they are not stuck in the same roles for 5-10 years waiting to be recognized.
Pros: SAP is an amazing company to work for. The work life balance especially post pandemic has been fantastic. The benefits (401K, Healthcare, etc.) are top notch. There has been a lot of new products in the pipeline and the technology is evolving. My consulting manager is great and our team has been getting projects constantly.

Cons: Extremely busy schedule at QEC’s Shortage of team members occasionally where other team members are required to cover
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility to work from home or in the office Opportunity to change roles within different organizations Plenty of learning and career development opportunities: trainings, fellowships, job shadowings

Cons: Below par managers Clueless mid-management
Advice: Focus on - getting resourceful managers - keeping an eye on groupism based on ethnicity and language
Pros: Work life balance Good pay Good employee benefits

Cons: benefit structure could be more competitive when compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, great leadership + management

Cons: Lower Salary, Portfolio planning &amp; overlaps
Advice: Communicate strategy more often from Business unit down to team level every quarter, to improve employee engagement/motivation
Pros: Great culture - a place which which will very soon make you feel you are at home.

Cons: Loses its way due to bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Great Direction set by the Founder

Cons: It can be hard to know who is on your team/who is in charge, likely because it Is such a big company. Policy on certain things changes like night/day. The company won't offer you a new role you have to go find it, they don't like people switch from team to team. If you don't ask for work you'll be bored to tears.
Advice: None
Pros: Despite being a massive company, the people at SAP do their best to make you feel important and valuable. Very understanding and supportive, really lets you move at your own pace. One of the few places that doesn't force you out of confront zone.

Cons: It can feel a little slow
Advice: None
Pros: Very good work life balance

Cons: Large company with many layers of mgt.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture with great benefits

Cons: Travel can get to be a lot in some roles but the company does everything it can to make it acceptable.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of flexibility. Endless opportunity.

Cons: Salaries are not up to market standards
Advice: None
Pros: Explore new technologies Scope for innovation Friendly environment

Cons: Its a huge company and a lot of projects going on and everyone is busy so getting help can be difficult.
Advice: I think there could be a better program for beginner project managers
Pros: Get to work on real projects and work cross functionally with all areas.

Cons: benefit is not as good as these top software companies in bay area.
Advice: Look out for the latest IT trend
Pros: workload is good, great team to work with.

Cons: Unable to determine clear mission
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and time off.

Cons: Salary is sub-par and you can easily get better pay by switching the job
Advice: None
Pros: You will not get a better work-life in the US. Great benefits that can beat some of the MAANG companies.

Cons: Under transformation from On Prem to Cloud and in process of updating internal operating systems.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for and ability to explore different career opportunities

Cons: Some of the typical corporate bureaucracy and politics, but not as much as thought
Advice: None
Pros: Global reach an ecosystem of peers and partners with virtually anything you need to perform your job.

Cons: Pay is okay, not great. YoY growth was around 2%.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture, teams are tight-knit

Cons: Too many changes Need to be more focused on Cloud offerings
Advice: None
Pros: Great stable company long term outlook

Cons: - Not a clear growth in career - Big corporate struggles
Advice: None
Pros: - Good People - Control over hours

Cons: assigned projects can be quite weird
Advice: None
Pros: many internal events and opportunities to interact with senior staff

Cons: Support for relocation can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Career growth Great management Care for employees

Cons: Great Salary and good upward mobility
Advice: NA
Pros: SAP is a great place to work

Cons: Pay under the competition and too complex
Advice: None
Pros: Nice environment with very good colleagues.

Cons: work at odd hours since teams are global
Advice: None
Pros: flexible work free snacks, meal discount program

Cons: Nothing that I can Recall. Everything was extremely good
Advice: None
Pros: Very Good work environment, Pay and also collaborative team members

Cons: can get overwhelming at times when it comes to dealing with the customers
Advice: None
Pros: great way to work on customer service skills

Cons: lost of traveling and cutomer meeting
Advice: None
Pros: good place to work, good managers

Cons: No cons.Great place to work.
Advice: None
Pros: Best place to work.Mentors are very helpful

Cons: Global company can make for difficult scheduling meetings, but everyone is flexible and makes it work
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, people-focused, great pay and benefits

Cons: Salary should be better and competitive
Advice: None
Pros: Was a pretty great run

Cons: Still has monolith and is not getting rid of it
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance and benefits

Cons: Their 401k plan is good but not great. Would like to see a little higher match.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers great benefits. Particularly their time off and sick policy for newer employees.

Cons: Hard to get visa sponsorship to move to other countries
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, salary, culture, work-life balance

Cons: Sometimes harder to advance in your career - it takes time, there are more than 100.000 people and many great candidates for open roles, just like you.
Could be more innovative - technology and improvements implementation and adoption take a lot of time, no idea why.
Strong works councils that slow down decision making and progress sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Tons of learning and development opportunities, internal coaches and mentors network.
Clear and transparent strategy and organizational goals.
Great global benefits and opportunities for everyone.
Focus on diversity and inclusion, flexible work, future readiness, upskilling internal employees based on our aspirations and needs.
Focus on sustainability, health and mindfulness.
Offers flexibility for parents and those who need to care for others.
Makes real impact on people´s lives.
Implementing new work, agile approaches.
Very open for feedback from employees.

Cons: SAP prefers to put people in manager roles based on relationship, when many of those people have no manager experience. Meanwhile there are many people seeking promotion, have high performance, and previous manager experience and are somehow not considered. This is not how a successful, leader based company operates.
Advice: Look at the skills, experience and accomplishments on your teams for growth potential (past performance best predictor of future performance) before putting your buddy in a role and making teams miserable.
Pros: Kind people
Good Benefits
Vacation policy
WLB

Cons: Large size also comes with bureaucracy. Sometimes like an aircraft carrier that changes direction slowly.
Advice: None
Pros: Treats employees fairly. Many diverse learning and career opportunities. Many great talented colleagues.

Cons: You can sometimes feel lost at sea.
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunity and enjoyed my time there.

Cons: Management disconnected from working level resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work, decent work life balance

Cons: None it’s a great company and great place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture and growth.

Cons: Not as many clear opportunities for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Great job and exposure to executives and customers

Cons: Slow moving and sometimes slow for changes.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly workspace with relatively ok wlb.

Cons: Internal processes are impossible to navigate and get things done. Execs are not aligned with middle management and the needs of the field.
Advice: Listen to and value the people on the front line
Pros: The people (peers)are amazing and try to help you.

Cons: I found no cons in SAP
Advice: None
Pros: very good company with good salary

Cons: No real cons. It’s what you make of your opportunities
Advice: I’m
Pros: Breadth and scale of exposure to customers

Cons: Large org to navigate; can be challenging
Advice: Keep up the transparency and focus on success
Pros: Lots of opportunities to contribute

Cons: well, the amount of emails is crazy
Advice: None
Pros: well work from home is always good

Cons: pay is not too competitive, long growth periods
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, nice office perks, respected role within the company

Cons: Some employees may seem work hard, but did not have any real contribution.
Advice: None
Pros: great culture, nice people, benefits are good/okay.

Cons: Outside Germany - less control and decision making capacity!
Advice: None
Pros: if you are under good management, work/life balance is good, money probably not. Type of work depends on which part of the company you are.

Cons: haven't encountered any so far
Advice: None
Pros: good work-life balance good team environment

Cons: Never had any issues while working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work. Amazing culture.

Cons: Lateral moves and growth is not very good unless you have good connections.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work if working for in good teams.

Cons: Not a market leader in salary, decent pay though
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Good company with decent benefits

Cons: Do not have any cons it is an amazing company
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits Company culture Pay Supportive management

Cons: High prices on contracts being coosed
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Unless you like to reach out, it can be hard to figure things out on your own.
Advice: None
Pros: Most tenured employee are very Professional. Depending on your pod, Team focus is very well highlighted while personal growth are encouraged.

Cons: all things are positive currently.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits options for families!

Cons: Fast-paced (which can be both good and bad!)
Advice: None
Pros: Embraced Flex Work Lots of change that provides opportunity Global experiences Great people

Cons: I really don't have any cons
Advice: Creating an open and safe space where employees are cared about and treated as human beings, actually pushes people to be more efficient in their job.
Pros: This company offers help wherever needed. Whether you need help with work assignments or work life balance. SAP has created a safe work place for employees to share their thoughts and feelings.

Cons: Lack of projects and extra
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and working environment

Cons: traveling, work life balances and lack direct mgmt feedback
Advice: None
Pros: breadth of technology and customer facing

Cons: Nothing bad to say.I wish was not too cold in the office:)
Advice: None
Pros: The company is great, the place and co-workers are wonderful and talented people.

Cons: There is nothing to share concerning this topic.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a mature company With big responsibility in the market actuating in the big companies.

Cons: Poor technology, they riffed there old people using creative spreadsheet analysis
Advice: None
Pros: I have good friends there

Cons: very matrixed organization - hard to know who to talk to.
Advice: None
Pros: company has made the move to be cloud native - and restructuring in a good way

Cons: A focus on incremental improvements over innovation.
Lack of flexibility
Lack of effort to identify customer problems.
A culture of mercenaries instead of missionaries.
Advice: Focus on solving customer problems rather than functionality
use an outside-in product development process
Allow for ideations to be sourced outside of management.
Allow for disagreement (it's a good thing).
Pros: Pretty reasonable work-life balance.
401k and own SAP stock options are nice.
Working to be more inclusive.

Cons: SAP has a zero accountability culture particularly for their managers. In the more than 12 years I have worked for SAP I have watched many managers who are incompetent or barely competent continue to get promoted or remain in their position with no consequence for their behavior or lack of skill. Their hiring process is so filled with nepotism that the only way to change jobs is to be friends first with the hiring manager. HR does nothing to stop these practices and does not care that qualified internal candidates are being overlooked and dismissed due to the inherent "friends and family" hiring practices. They do not pay people well and offer very little in compensation for raises unless you work in sales. They will push any raise you get into your bonus to avoid paying you more money in your base salary. They have very old school hierarchical approaches to everything and fight against change that could be innovative and beneficial unless it comes from someone they are friends with or aligned politically with. It's a very political organization which does a great job of pretending they care about diversity and inclusion but they demonstrate that they do not through hiring and promoting people who are unqualified for their roles while overlooking people internally who are qualified. Their internal systems are inefficient and there is continual duplication of work due to poor planning and communication practices. It's the most uninspiring, tedious organization I have ever worked for outside of the US government. The most egregious thing they do is create unnecessary obstacles to getting work done through processes that are ineffective and cumbersome, which are continually changing without notice or information. Beyond all of that, the other incredibly harmful cultural norm they have is to NEVER have a discussion about resources beyond headcount. There is no discussion of whether we have enough resources to get work done just the expectation that if you are told this needs to be done you will find a way to add it to your already overwhelming work schedule. This leads to mediocre work that has no real impact on the organization or work that creates no real contribution because no one took the time to create a realistic resource-driven project that holds up to reasonable scrutiny.
Advice: If management truly wants to elevate the company to a more competitive level they need to be held accountable for their own poor behavior and lack of skill.  Promoting people because you like them or because they are a good individual contributor does not make them a good manager.  De-politicize SAP.  Hiring more people who are your friends does not create an innovative company and only demonstrates that your managers are threatened by anyone who may have a higher level of skill than they do.
Pros: SAP has decent benefits in alignment with other companies of their size and industry. They have many workshops and opportunities for learning.

Cons: Pay needs to be revised
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing place with great work life balance

Cons: Internal systems can really be a challenge.  Organization can be bureaucratic and political.  SAP is famous for having 'many layers of middle management'.
Advice: None
Pros: Great, collaborative culture.  Encourage learning. High expectations for you to perform and to thrive but you are supported and are given room to grow.

Cons: Not a growth company
Compensation swings wildly based on company value and market
Slow to adapt
Advice: Control your own budget if at all possible, otherwise don't take a management position.  You will be expected to explain budget decisions made by others
Pros: Stable company with good internal process
Great support for learning
Friendly and open communication

Cons: Very Very Segregated between depts
Advice: None
Pros: A Learners platform to improve on skills.

Cons: There are some growing pains
Advice: None
Pros: The Comp is pretty Good

Cons: There is definitely a lack of women and younger people working in the engineering field at SAP. Also being on a team with people in Europe can be challenging as they take many more vacation days than we receive in the US.
Advice: None
Pros: For someone who recently graduated from university, I'm making a great salary and my management is supportive. I've had great mentoring opportunities.

Cons: Previous co-ceo created a serority and frat house. Excellent sales people with no class.
Advice: Humility, integrity and fairness.  Practice giving people worthy of opportunity to rise.   
A few years ago, co-CEO was giving away her shoes to employees and giving opportunities to only people she knew.  

Try to be inclusive to a fault.  I was asked to allow recent MBA graduates to mentor the team.  Instead of fostering good collaboration and team dynamics, SAP mgmt gave graduates the floor.  One woman continued to tout that she graduated from MIT at every mtg.  She had no content depth, writing abilities and soft skills and after a few years, I had never seen a decent deck from her.
Pros: Great compensation. Glad that Christen is the sole CEO.

Cons: Lack of diversity in management Internal talent overlooked for management positions
Advice: None
Pros: Company culture Management support Brand name in the market

Cons: - They are not a pay master
Advice: None
Pros: - Benefits -opportunities - Employee friendly - no pressure - amazing process

Cons: Package is not on par in the market.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company with work-life balance.

Cons: can be hard to move up depending on what team you're on
Advice: None
Pros: really good benefits available to all employees

Cons: Not found any cons as of
Advice: None
Pros: It was a Good experience

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits Employees are treated very well Great team work Nice employees

Cons: No Cons for working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance is good

Cons: Leadership and management is slow
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is good

Cons: very complex and can be simplified
Advice: None
Pros: Salary and life balance are priority

Cons: Leadership is not knowledgeable about their own company or products.
Advice: Hire management with experience
Pros: deals fall on your lap which is cool.

Cons: CEO is not a product oriented leader.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, amazing customers and brand in the enterprise

Cons: None, I loved my experience
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful place to work with even better people

Cons: Lack of meritocracy that sometimes creates difficult environment for advancement.
Advice: None
Pros: Progressive company with great brand recognition.

Cons: no response for cons yet
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance, and company culture

Cons: Constant restructuring and redoing things, just with a new name
Advice: None
Pros: Good salaries, great benefits, flexible worklife

Cons: 1. Due to the sheer size, internal professional growth prospects are slower compared to the newer tech companies like AWS, GCP
Advice: Keep your focus on innovation and new product development
Pros: 1. Leader in ERP technology development, market and innovations
2. Extremely employee friendly culture - with high emphasis on work life balance
3. Showed extreme empathy and employee centric rules during the pandemic

Cons: Challenging tasks can be detrimental.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP prioritizes mental wellness for all of employees.

Cons: Employees are expected to do more to do less. No salary increases in 3 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work from home benefits

Cons: Pay is average at this company
Advice: Understand how difficult it can be for those that are in DNN patches
Pros: It feels like a family there

Cons: Work is too technical unless you speak programming
Advice: None
Pros: Able to work from home Insurance

Cons: Volume and length of subsequent required trainings are difficult to complete within work hours which means working nights and weekends to stay current.
Advice: None
Pros: Very thorough onboarding process. Virtual orientation included a detailed benefits review and comprehensive employee tools training.

Cons: No such found. Everything was phenomenal. I wanted to have higher education in other country which was not supported so had to resign.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, you will fall in love with

Cons: German business culture can be tricky to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Huge work life balance focus

Cons: people management, managers skillset site transport
Advice: None
Pros: culture, people policies ,managers, food

Cons: not good pay though for seniors
Advice: None
Pros: good company to work for

Cons: Lack of structure Complex internal processes
Advice: None
Pros: Strong earning potential Plenty of resources Global reach

Cons: - Can be slow-moving so will not be a good fit for someone looking to move fast and break things
- Frequent reorgs and organization is fairly siloed in general. Makes lateral transfers outside of your domain as hard as applying externally
Advice: Find ways to identify early talent and nurture them into leadership roles. Make SAP a place where the ambitious want to create change otherwise organizations edge will be lost to competitors and startups
Pros: - Competitive pay and good benefits
- Employee loyalty, they take care of their people 
- Growth opportunities and career advancement available for early-career employees but you have to seek it out yourself and make a case for why you deserve it

Cons: Internal politics, high pressure environment
Advice: None
Pros: Nice people, good product to sell

Cons: The complexity of everything and anything
Advice: None
Pros: The people I work with are GREAT

Cons: Stock price down, lots of politics
Advice: Train leadership in the latest standards to get the most of of the workforce and energize people.
Pros: Excellent benefits, flexible WFH policy.

Cons: sap sucked fieldglass into the company fold and customer satisfaction declined
Advice: None
Pros: loved the tech and the people

Cons: Lower salary or pay. Too chill.
Advice: None
Pros: Fun atmosphere, Good employees, and relaxed life.

Cons: Very big and hard to learn
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and very diverse

Cons: Executive leadership doesn't articulate the company's vision efficiently and we're losing to the competition
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, travel, people, and growth opportunities

Cons: Technology used here can be outdated.
Advice: None
Pros: manager not pushy. Have time to do some study every sprint

Cons: Slow German culture may conflict with US values
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance for younger and older professionals alike

Cons: Lower than average pay compared to industry
Advice: None
Pros: Company Culture, Work Life Balance, Perks

Cons: - many organizational changes which causes priorities to shift
Advice: None
Pros: - Great benefits
- lots of learning opportunities

Cons: Hectic work schedule and travel
Advice: None
Pros: Nice place to work and I like the diversity

Cons: Going through some changes to better integrate companies
Advice: I keep investing in early talent programs
Pros: The people create such an amazing culture!

Cons: No such Cons for SAP
Advice: None
Pros: Work-Life Balance and Innovative Solutions

Cons: Product roadmaps are slow moving - feels like we're not innovating as fast as our competitors.
Advice: None
Pros: Large enough to weather a storm. Very professional and reasonable managers. Ability to impact customer success.

Cons: Endless transformation, too many leadership changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, great benefits, flexible work

Cons: It is a fast paced environment, the pace may be to fast for some people.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP employs some of the best, highly motivated employees. The benefit package is excellent

Cons: Not very competitive pay as compared to other FAANGs
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB and perks and culture

Cons: Burocracy tends to be higher sometimes because of being a big company
Advice: None
Pros: Team collaboration
Great Environment
Best equipment

Cons: No cons coming to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Sap treats women very well

Cons: Mandate to work in office, not a lot of strategy
Advice: Put some structure in place and understand people don't want to return to the office
Pros: SAP does a lot for the community and has pretty good benefits

Cons: Work life balance can get touchy
Advice: None
Pros: Growth, opportunities, support and benefits

Cons: Not a clear direction
Lots of Silos
Not Nimble
Advice: Less Corporate emails
Pros: Flexible Schedule
Employee Stock Purchase
401K Match
Medical &amp; Dental
RSU's

Cons: Lack of transparency btw upper management and employees
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits
Open door for movement within company

Cons: If you're on a bad team you're kind of screwed. The company overall has positive reviews but i was on a very toxic team
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and amazing facilities

Cons: Salary could have been better for the amount of work
Advice: None
Pros: Good team work and leave policy

Cons: Too soon to say as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed Work Environment
Good Pay
Great Team Members

Cons: Such a large organization that exposure do different LOBs is difficult to navigate and communicate with.
Advice: Ensure that all product lines have seamless integration.
Pros: Great pay, Great benefits, Management that Cares about your growth.

Cons: Depending on the role, at some points, the work can be a little overwhelming but it's really all how well you manage it and communicate your needs, set boundaries, etc. Overall, very manageable.
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible growth opportunity, pay and benefits are highly competitive, management is responsible and trustworthy to make the right decisions for its people, the culture is work hard play hard, and there is a wonderful feedback and learning culture so everyone has ample opportunity to excel and be the best version of themselves

Cons: Low profit sharing compared to other bay area companies
Advice: Match compensation with location
Pros: Super flexible
Good bonus plan and benefits

Cons: Nothing that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible hours free food free perks

Cons: Too slow, very hard to move horizontally, Germanmentality based company
Advice: None
Pros: Large, stable, employee carrying, nice reference, large partner ecosystem

Cons: Can’t think of any cons
Advice: None
Pros: Incredible work flex program
Great team
Many opportunities

Cons: Keeping up with inflation; Competing with competitive offers
Advice: None
Pros: Diversity and Inclusion; Health and Well-Being; Career Growth

Cons: A little old fashion and not so welcoming to change
Advice: None
Pros: Stable, many growth opportunities and care for employees

Cons: very low salary compared to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance, great manager

Cons: Passive aggressive culture. 
Too nice sometimes
Advice: None
Pros: I would not comment now

Cons: Lack of comminacation between management and employee
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent, good, nice culture, good working environment

Cons: - If you're not German, kiss your ambitions good-bye. Most executives are German males. Diversity (national, racial, linguistic, any measure) is limited to a junior or senior levels.
- Stifling political games, bosses ask you to spend time "explaining your work" and making fancy decks so that a certain impression is made to executives
- No problem for management/executives to lie or bend the truth to drive their personal agenda forward
- Difficult to grow within the company
Advice: Develop an exit strategy and aim for sale to a larger company that understands and implements good international practices
Pros: - Job security
- Decent benefits
- Workload can be low at times

Cons: No cons for me as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits
Good Pay
Room to Grow

Cons: Pay, constant changes, female senior leadership nonexistent
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility of work from home

Cons: What used to be a beloved company now has very little regard for employee empowerment. Everyone is unhappy.
Advice: Please unseat Christian Klein as CEO. He is destroying the legacy and culture of our company.
Pros: Colleagues at the team level are intelligent, collaborative, generous.

Cons: No cons at this company
Advice: None
Pros: it's very good environment for work

Cons: Unprofessional organization, they treat you with no respect. There’s no accountability. Very racist. Stay away from this place if you want to add value to your career.
Advice: Respect the people you hire. They are humans too!
Pros: None to even write here

Cons: Large company - easy to get lost.  Pay structure doesn't reward formal education in the way that a GS scale does.  The best way to advance is through an LOB vertical - cross training doesn't usually foster promotions and advancement.
Advice: More transparency on salaries.  Value and pay for work experience.  A new graduate out of college 2 years should not earn more than someone with 13 years at the company and 20 years industry experience.  Sometimes pay needs to be adjusted because it's the right thing to do.
Pros: Large company - lots of room to grow including internationally

Cons: There really is an ever-changing strategy and there's almost never a clear direction. The company doesn't invest in services so those don't get sold and they'd rather send services to partners.
Advice: Take care of your own services employees before being overly concerned about the employees at partner organizations.
Pros: Everyone wants to do a great job and moat folks are kind and supportive.

Cons: lack of progression within certain orgs
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for

Cons: Low pay and start-up environment
Advice: None
Pros: Small team working fully remotely

Cons: SAP is a large company, so it has its politics and bureaucratic problems.
Advice: None
Pros: Even before COVID, I was able to WFH on a full time basis.

Cons: sales driven culture which does not always put employees first
Advice: more female leaders
Pros: Flexible working locations / work from home options

Cons: SAP is a good company, but the salaries are lower then they should be. Also, it would be more attractive to provide its EEs with unlimited contract...
Advice: Motivate your own employees to stay. You pay your experienced people less than you offer to the new hires, this is not fair and not at all motivating to stay.
Also, offer more unlimited contracts, especially in HR.
Pros: trainings,
benefits, 
well-organized
Possibility of prevalent Home office

Cons: 1. Salary a bit less
Advice: None
Pros: 1. Best HR policies in the world
2. Best Work Life balance in the world

Cons: Some processes can be slow. Comp could be bettwr
Advice: Innovate faster and break down silos
Pros: Good benefits, good work life balance

Good place to work

Cons: Some departments can be highly political
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, work life, care about people

Cons: big company, so it can be a rat race
Advice: None
Pros: if you work hard youll be rewarded

Cons: Process heavy and something’s take too long to progress.
Advice: Let new programs fully back before shifting gears on the same initiative
Pros: It’s all about the people, very smart caring and committed professionals. Management cares and are constantly evaluating how to get better.

Cons: IT rules the roost in terms of internal data management and applications. Things can change so fast the changes are hard to keep
Up with, especially if your manager cannot translate or are not in the loop.
Advice: None
Pros: Most colleagues and managers are decent human beings. Understaffing tends to be an issue with internal operations. External facing roles tend to be well
Staffed.

Cons: - very stable processes so less challenges
- Internal conflicts are more than customer issues
Advice: Internal teams must come forward to help each other instead of blaming or pointing the finger on each other
Pros: - work life balance
- company perks and facilities
- employee centric

Cons: Organic growth is not very well defined
Advice: None
Pros: Company values and how it treats employees. The work culture is excellent and I have had a great working environment through out the 15 years.

Cons: US side is carrying German culture, make it easy for those doesn't perform...
Advice: None
Pros: stable job there it it

Cons: Work life balance can be challenging
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive company environment to work in

Cons: Complex organization
Too many lines of businesses
Advice: None
Pros: Puts people first
Innovative company

Cons: A bit far from home
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: The company is built for employees who are achievers, but the junior people who lack organizational skills are creating quite a lot of problems to deal with.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly environment.
Highly skilled personnel.
Extra benefits for people who achieve their KPIs

Cons: The work pace would be faster.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing team and supportive culture.

Cons: Nothing truly comes to mind
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: Benefits needs to be looked upon
Attrition
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture right from the top
Values and missions resonate well
Opportunities to take more responsibility and advance
Diverse and open collaboration

Cons: Weak PMO team, light on project planning and tracking.
Advice: None
Pros: Well funded IT department, good company to work for.

Cons: An old school company need new technology.
Advice: None
Pros: A good work life balance

Cons: Requires travel, not a con to me but can be to others if you don’t like to travel during the week.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, nice people, good pay

Cons: difficult to advance and find mentors.
Advice: None
Pros: wonderful benefits, especially for reproductive health.

Cons: If you start with a low salary (I started as a student), getting a higher pay will be difficult. I´ve seen new hires consistently get paid more than me.
Advice: Improve compensation
Pros: Amazing benefits, great teamwork, global companny

Cons: Decisions are driven from Germany. Slow pace of change and tons of process and bureaucracy in trying to get decisions made. Very white-man dominated company.
Advice: None
Pros: People-oriented culture, massive enterprise with lots of opportunity to do different things and build a long career. Treats their employees well considering how large it is, and the complexity of the organization. Great work life balance with the ability to essentially work from anywhere.

Cons: Old stack, no progress or career growth
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance overall

Cons: Work life balance a bit hard
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and team spirit

Cons: Navigating the internal matrix and all of the various contacts/business units
Advice: None
Pros: Large deal &amp; commission opportunities

Cons: -Some systems and processes are not the best. Take more of your time.
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexibility
-Opportunity for growth
-Supportive leadership
-Work with awesome accounts

Cons: Too many non technical process interfering with the technical work.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance, Stable business model

Cons: Salary in Brazil could be better
Advice: None
Pros: Good team to work with and great product innovation

Cons: The compliance overhead is exhausting
Advice: None
Pros: The company does a lot for employees in their programs, dni, etc...

Cons: Upward communication mechanisms not always engaged for employees
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for social community involvement and activism are abundant and genuine.

Cons: Lack of human connection due to large office space
Advice: None
Pros: -Global environment; - innovative; - collaborative work

Cons: Organization moves slowly at times
Advice: None
Pros: Supportive of life work balance

Cons: Compensation is below market standards
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and culture

Cons: The culture is a bit boring. A lot of technical debts.
Advice: None
Pros: Friendly employee, few workload, free parking

Cons: Slow to get promotion and raises. Workload and responsibilities have increased during my time here but my pay is stagnant. With high inflation, I hope the Board would assess comp as a priority for 2022 to retain good talent.
Advice: People survey this year has been open and honest. Please read all comments and scores and dive deep into teams and create action plan to improve.
Pros: Flexible work schedule. I love working with the cross teams. Global colleagues are very nice and supportive. Level 1 leadership is long tenured and they know the ins and outs of the company.

Cons: Focusing on long term tech strategy is an area of opportunity
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to grow a career - lots of focus on work life balance

Cons: bureaucracy. very hard to get anything done that is new or innovative
Advice: None
Pros: pay, work/life balance, benefits. lots of longer term employees

Cons: Re-org happens all the time, politics here and there
Advice: less changes, less politics
Pros: Company spends efforts on social responsibilities, work life balance

Cons: SAP is a very political company and many decisions are based on politics
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great culture

Cons: None that I am aware
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, great environment, amazing teams to work for.

Cons: Fiscal year, work on New Years/Christmas.
Advice: Good
Pros: The Pay, fully remote, relevant.

Cons: SAP IS TOO quarterly focused
Advice: None
Pros: SAP offers a Decent salary

Cons: There are no real negatives
Advice: None
Pros: Pay well
Great teamwork
Remote

Cons: Unable to work fully remote
Advice: Allow individuals to decide whether to come back in the office or not.
Pros: Great benefits, job security, and pay

Cons: If you're part of an acquisition, you may find it difficult to get acclimated to SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall benefits are really good

Cons: Feels the management is slow sometimes
Advice: Streamlining the process
Pros: Good work life balance. Good bonus

Cons: there isn't enough black/ POC in leadership. Can get lost in your career because its such a huge company.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits are great, Free lunch, Gym and the opportunity to travel thew world. Very flexible workforce and offers a lot of opportunities to grow

Cons: Penalized for sticking around when it comes to raises and promotions
Advancements depend on tenure, not work meaningful work
Low pay compared to market for early talent across the board, makes it hard to advance long term
Advice: None
Pros: Great company that cares about employees

Cons: Cant think of any at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: great work culture, supportive environment

Cons: Big company without much growth potential within the organization. Employee recognition is mostly focused on software sales roles.
Advice: Recognize work done by service delivery consulting roles, since it currently focuses too much on software sales. The few employees that are recognized from the services organization are usually the same each year, giving little opportunities to others.
Pros: Great company that cares about its employees. Excellent benefits. Very bright and hard-working people focused on delivering the best solutions with very high standards, so a lot to learn from. Working for the market leader really empowers you and opens up a world of possibilities.

Cons: Average salary. Innovations take back seat.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance. Challenging work.

Cons: Culture sucks. Sales tools, environment is just awful. You won't believe how bad it is till you get in.
Advice: Kill Harmony (internal CRM) and invest in tools.  Make territories equitable to improve retention.  ONly a few favorites keep making bank every year...rest are revolving door
Pros: When you exceed your number, you can make bank! I mean the accelerators are best in the industry.

Cons: Old technologies, any introduction of newer tech/methodologies will be given to new hires/contractors who implement them. Don't expect to grow your technical experience here, as work is highly siloed
Advice: More opportunity within teams without leaving
Pros: Relatively laid back culture, decent work life balance

Cons: The work life balance is really bad for ux designer in the company. Extremely under resources.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice office and good benefits

Cons: Salary , office is cold during the winter
Advice: None
Pros: Good work/life balance, challenging,amazing people and atmosphere

Cons: Chaotic - the CEO is on more or less equal footing with other board members.
Poor leadership - Too often mediocrity rises to the top.
Slow moving
Unaddressed D&amp;I issues
Advice: None
Pros: Smart people
Network with people all over the world
Benefits

Cons: Very slow environment and didn’t stimulate me intellectually
Advice: None
Pros: Learnt a lot with supportive colleagues

Cons: pay is not as per market
Advice: None
Pros: awesome place to work.
culture is relaxed

Cons: Sr Leadership is not trust worthy, they are condescending and do everything in their power to oppress women. Women (especially American women) hit an instant glass ceiling upon being hired.
Advice: Take some ownership in learning diverse business cultures, and stop expecting everyone to conform to the German culture. In addition, it’s time to rise with the times and treat women with more dignity and respect
Pros: Work flex, pay and benefits

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good work environment
Good work life balance

Cons: - Frequent restructuring in the roles and leadership.
- Some teams work in silos and compete within SAP
- Too many solutions or products of similar business applications.
Advice: None
Pros: - Good opportunities to grow and learn.
- CEO and local leadership has clear vision 
- Good compensation and reward plans
- 401K, Share purchase plans etc.
- Flexibility, Work-life balance.

Cons: Salary could be better in comparison to other major tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. No micromanagement. Good work is always appreciated. Unlike some other companies, SAP celebrates what you can bring to the table, not pinpoint on your personal shortcomings. As they say "Bring Everything You Are, Become Everything You Want".

Cons: Many companies now offer 3-4 months of may leave… 6 weeks is not enough but that’s a US problem
Advice: Please support women and raise maternity leave time to 3 months (12 weeks)
Pros: .offers mat / pat leave and to go part time for a month after to transition.

Cons: Growth can be slow at times.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is a good company with good aaaWLB

Cons: - not the cleanest onboarding for external hires but they’re working on it!
Advice: Keep building out the management onboarding for external hires and keep being amazing!
Pros: - Very collaborative culture 
- Sales leadership team is MSP is incredible, they’re all focused on making themselves and everyone around them better
- competitive salary and benefits 
- Devoted to diversifying the sales org and providing training and opportunities for people from all industries and backgrounds

Cons: more salary. learn more thing.
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, many vancations

Cons: Not all internships end in conversion to FT. Make sure you network or else converting won’t be easy
Advice: Management should have a better understanding of the iXp program and how they can help interns convert to FT
Pros: Great salary, amazing opportunities with the internship program (outside of your team). Really good networking

Cons: -It is difficult to maintain work life balance. Often find myself starting work at 7am and finishing at 9pm
-Pressure is high to deliver on your #
-Internal admin processes are very painful
Advice: None
Pros: -The opportunity to work with some great clients
-Path for growth
-A very diverse technology suite to present in sales cycles
-Tons of training and enablement

Cons: - The product isn't great. Clients are often underwhelmed or downright angry
- Not enough structure on the teams. Architects end up shouldering most of the implementation burden
- Not enough engineers. Bugs are simply not fixed in time because there aren't enough human brains assigned to tackle them.
Advice: Do what you can to influence the expansion of the engineering team so that the consultants can have a better product to give a better experience to the clients.
Pros: - Very little micromanaging
- Management believes in and trusts the employees
- Compensation, while low nationally, is okay for Birmingham

Cons: no concerns in the project
Advice: None
Pros: worked as a Plsql developer

Cons: Normal corporate BS that everyone experiences at any large company
Advice: None
Pros: The people, culture,  flex work, benefits

Cons: Work can be very busy depending on the services you are assigned to.
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone one is extremely nice and you are never left without any support. There is always someone to reach out to. People are very helpful.

Cons: slightly below average pay
partners suck
promotions are all about how much butt munching you do
Advice: if you get a good one, you'll go far.
If you get a bad one, you'll stay in the same place forever.
Pros: Good Work-life balance
Great Benefits
mostly nice people

Cons: Right now great external candidates can't join team
Advice: None
Pros: This company supports the employees

Cons: Not always the latest technology and customers may already be licensed for software you are trying to sell.
Advice: None
Pros: Big. Well-known. Thorough review of customer needs.

Cons: Your experience will be directly tied to your manager, good or bad.
Advice: None
Pros: Very socially diverse and accepting

Cons: share options is not offered as a part of salary
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance is the best

Cons: Below average salary for tech industry
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and stock purchase plan

Cons: Some lack of own technology adoption.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility, forward thinking, eco friendly.

Cons: No innovation. Extremely bloated and slow moving. Lots of bureaucracy
Advice: Materially reduce employee base, encourage innovation, increase decision agilty
Pros: Good WLB, people are nice

Cons: limited opportunity of career growing
Advice: None
Pros: work life balanced, flex work hour

Cons: Challenging for upward momentum. Can easily get stuck in a roll or
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of knowledge, great benefits, Great coworkers

Cons: nope/don't have any cons &amp; problems
Advice: None
Pros: Free lunch/ great place/ good team culture

Cons: No cons after working 16 years in this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Cares about people
Opportunities abound
Involvement in leadership decisions up to 3 levels higher

Cons: No complaints, pay is good
Advice: None
Pros: Pay is good and culture is good

Cons: Some pockets are hard to get out of.
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits and people are amazing!!!

Cons: I'm stuck on thinking of one Con
Advice: I think management and process in place are spot on
Pros: SAP has a vibrant customer focused culture that rewards employees that perform, and gives them plenty of opportunities

Cons: Choosing senior leaders
Effective communication and transparency
Advice: Choosing good senior leadership
Pros: Team building
Good Pay and Benefits
Corporate Strategy to build Cloud business

Cons: It's a big company, so anything can take time and seem red-tape ish
Advice: Empower middle management to do what's required
Pros: SAP means what it says when it talks about sustainability and a people first culture. They talk the talk and walk the walk.

Cons: No issues other hq is Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Pay is very less compared to market.
Advice: Increase the pay to retain employees.
Pros: Work culture is amazing. Good people.

Cons: Low salaries and equity.
Low bonus and stock options
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work life balance
Good teams to work with
Good products with CRM exposure

Cons: SAP leadership team is nepotism city.  They are driving this company into the ground.
Advice: None
Pros: The job is a joke. My side hustle makes almost half my total comp here because my main job here requires so little effort. It’s like adult daycare but better.

Cons: Can’t think of anything here
Advice: None
Pros: Love everything about SAP - smart people, amazing boss, good benefits

Cons: Work can start too early for those not based in Germany.
Advice: None
Pros: Intelligent colleagues, continuous learning, supportive senior staff

Cons: Does not have the highest salary in industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance can be very easy to achieve. A lot opportunities to work with people around the world.

Cons: Remote work is not ideal
Advice: None
Pros: - great culture
- great pay
-lots of networking opportunities
- set up for success

Cons: Too much beauracracy and poor decision on some leaders
Advice: Make sure you choose wisely on your Leaders.
Pros: Great benefits and flexibility. Love the diversity!

Cons: Pay was way below other large companies. Yearly raises were also minimal.
Advice: None
Pros: The people were very nice.

Cons: - income not as competitive 
- can be slow or too fast depending on team
Advice: be more transparent with general directions
Pros: - usually good coworkers
- work life balance

Cons: No Cons at SAP AFAIK
Advice: saas
Pros: Good Company to work for

Cons: no cons, the company is just great
Advice: None
Pros: good work culture, amazing people

Cons: Lots of email communication, too much sometimes so key messages are missed.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is very people friendly. They want you to be happy in your job, offices are nice and onsite perks are great! Open door policy is amazing. Communication to C-level is received and responded to. Lots of communication and Execs are very transparent with information. Really values giving back to the community, generous with time off (in addition to 3 weeks vacation to start, + holidays, you get 5 personal days to take whenever you want).

Cons: Co-workers often do not follow the work rules and nothing is done about it.
Advice: None
Pros: The environment is very friendly and easy to work with.
Benefits are good.

Cons: Closed office in Russia, so sad
Advice: None
Pros: Everything is good no problems

Cons: There is often difficulty in finding pathways to promotion unless you network heavily.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation is good and is generally fair. Can be tough to get large increases once in your role, so recommend negotiating if co I got from an external company.

Cons: Lack of diversity, poor leadership and mismanagement at many levels
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities, global experience available

Cons: Needs mastery of multiple business / subject matter aspects which require coaching.
Advice: None
Pros: Advanced subject matter expertise and understanding true essence of optimization in best ERP chains.

Cons: Can be unnecessarily bureaucratic at times.
Advice: Keep focusing on employees.
Pros: Great opportunities for growth. Really cared about social causes.

Cons: Fast-paced and can be challenging to keep up with, management does not communicate clearly and the vision changes often.
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of development opportunities and top innovative technologies and methodologies. Work life balance is good, and you will be recognized for your job. The working environment is also good, people are usually respectful and nice.

Cons: better salary, better management, more learning, better structure
Advice: None
Pros: approach to the employee, benefits, vacation, home office, healthy days

Cons: Career Opportunities
Compensation &amp; Benefits
Internal Politics
Advice: Unable to continue working for this employer due to raises &amp; promotions falling behind inflation rate.
Pros: Interesting Work
Comradery
Work Remotely
Encouragement to use latest technology and techniques

Cons: Can be difficult to get visibility within the organization as employees are spreadout across the world. Need to be fairly independent in driving your own career as you are not likely to have a manager locally. This can be challenging for individuals that are newer in their career.
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, diversity &amp; inclusion, flex work, lateral career opportunities

Cons: Work life balance not that great
Advice: None
Pros: Employee benefits
Company reputation 
Quality work

Cons: Pay raise not upto industry standards
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance and great culture

Cons: Before quarter-end work load can be quite hectic
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing benefits, high annual leave, job security, diverse workforce, flexible working arrangements

Cons: huge company with a lot of processes. stagnant / very difficult to grow career due to size and stage of company. reasonably good salary, good benefits--esp. remote work policy. losing a lot of talent due to salary increase not keeping up inflation, &amp; little-no stock comp
Advice: None
Pros: good work life balance. generally nice and collaborative co-workers. company cares about employees

Cons: As its a massive company, sometimes timezones get in the way of work
Advice: None
Pros: Great work environment with many people working globally

Cons: Few meaningful decisions, simplistic tasks, and bureaucratic processes weigh down the process of doing unique things with the brand
Advice: None
Pros: flexible hours, decent pay, experience in the field, and what it's like to work at a big company

Cons: There is always a lot of change happening within your organization which can make understanding your duties or others difficult at times.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, benefits of a large company, great comp packages

Cons: There were no real cons to working there
Advice: None
Pros: Loved working there as everyone was very collaborative

Cons: Frequent account and sales bag shuffling.
Advice: None
Pros: Pay/benefits, work life balance, culture, learning and develop opportunities

Cons: No cons as I am fully satisfied with SAP Labs
Advice: None
Pros: Dream of every ABAPer is to work in SAP Labs, I am so fortunate to get to work here for four years. Its a Great place to work.

Cons: Too much unnecessary middle management
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible working environment for remote

Cons: Pay is a little low when you compare it to other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: Great Company Culture and a great place to work.

Cons: Has not been a 'high growth' company in terms of share price in the last few years.
Advice: None
Pros: Compensation, investment in employees, leadership and management, opportunity to travel nationally and internationally (before COVID), and work/life balance each come top of mind. I'd consider myself to be a highly satisfied employee, and there are plenty more reasons as to why SAP is consistently ranked as one of the 'Best Places to Work'. Great employer.

Cons: -compensation
-getting promotions can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: -work life balance
-work culture
-free breakfast and lunch

Cons: Too much politics
Some lazy employees are bringing down the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefit
Work from home

Cons: Team was constantly at risk of being defunded or dissolved on account of infighting between varying software products and offerings internally.
Advice: None
Pros: Got exposed to a variety of cutting-edge technologies by virtue of the product and team I worked with

Cons: Really large, but small teams allow for great connections
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing product, amazing teammates, inclusive

Cons: nothing, maybe just higher pay
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance, company culture, benefits

Cons: can be overwhelming at times depending on your role
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work
Happy environment
great benefits
great way development

Cons: None to report. All positive
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent Place to Work for a long term

Cons: somewhat ridged culture and "that's how we've always done it here" attitude.
Advice: None
Pros: Market share dominance in several software areas.

Cons: Lack of trust in Board leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay, bright people and a lot of opportunity for growth

Cons: nothing so far haha ha
Advice: None
Pros: good work environment
good work life balance

Cons: You are just a number.
Advice: None
Pros: Benifits are much better than typical.

Cons: Career growth within the company lacking
A lot of talk for PR and lack of follow through for employees
Advice: Direct manager was great, others, not sure how they still have their jobs.
Pros: Has a wonderful work life balance

Cons: Reorg happens 
Salary is ok
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work Culture
Friendly colleagues
Learning opportunities
Exciting projects
Good Medical benefits

Cons: More Reorgs in th eorganization
Advice: None
Pros: Good Company towork with in USA

Cons: Communication is abysmal and employees in U.S. are treated poorly in relation to their German counterparts. Employees in Kiev, India, and China phone it in while U.S. employees who care about the quality of the work but get blamed when software quality is poor.
Advice: Treat the employees doing the real work like the champions they are and stop coddling the employees who phone it in.
Pros: Benefits are outstanding: 401k match, health benefits, yearly bonus.

Cons: limited growth opportunities. too much change and questionable information sharing.
Advice: Be more clear and upfront about changes
Pros: Strong company, overall a good company culture.

Cons: Hard to walk away from the pros
Advice: None
Pros: Work-life balance is best I've seen.
Great benefits, especially maternity leave.
Supportive Leadership.

Cons: More politics than most places.
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary and Benefits
Good Work Life Balance
Well Managed

Cons: Not nimble. Way behind on the transition to the cloud
Advice: None
Pros: Very well organized and structured

Cons: Mundane from time to time, really large company
Advice: None
Pros: Good management, good work life balance

Cons: This position was a customer support for account executive. Answering live chats and tickets all day can get overwhelming
Advice: N/a
Pros: Everyone is welcoming , very team oriented.

Cons: so far so good and everything goes well
Advice: None
Pros: very nice colleagues, open and collaborative
great culture, supporting individual growth, impact and contribution
leading technologies to resolve world's largest enterprises' business needs

Cons: - They do not invest on engineer
- They are cheap are budgeting, cut this cut that...
- You should rethink what you are doing..
Advice: You will extinct if you keep having old and incompetent dinasours managemnt.
Pros: At first, WLB then no WLB

Cons: Complex organization with shifting priorities
Advice: None
Pros: Lots of opportunities to grow and develop internally, sincere interest in well being of employees, hard-working employees

Cons: For sales people base to compensation ratio is 5:5
Advice: None
Pros: You can learn about both On-Premises and Cloud Solution

Cons: everything is good as of now
Advice: None
Pros: very good working environment, very supportive

Cons: constant changing of leadership and sporadic tasks
Advice: None
Pros: lots of opportunity and chances to grow and learn

Cons: Big company. Big offices. A lot of hybrid too.
Advice: Be very quick in buying small comapnies in radar.
Pros: Great environment and people. Love it.

Cons: Overall Compensation is less than what other tech companies offering in the US market
Advice: Review the overall compensation like other tech companies to retain the talent workforce.
Pros: Good Work Life Balance
Cool Management and nice team work

Cons: Cutting edge products are made to work with exsisting SAP customers
Advice: Too much top down managing
Pros: Good products - lots of references and support team

Cons: Political at times, big company internal processes can be slow at times
Advice: None
Pros: Pay, people, career growth, culture

Cons: -D&amp;I
-comp
-hard to change something
Advice: None
Pros: - overall good employer
-overall good benefits

Cons: lack of leadership and no strategy
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and knowledgeable peers

Cons: Slow growth -- takes a while to move up
Lack of communication within teams
Lack of camaraderie &amp; company culture
Puts emphasis on stock options and not salary/raises
Not a lot of women
Advice: None
Pros: Good Benefits (Healthcare, 401k Match, Equity)
Fair salary
Good work/life balance
Flexible working environment

Cons: Limited opportunities for advancement if you are not considered early talent
Advice: None
Pros: There is good work life balance

Cons: Pay is low and not match to the inflation
Advice: None
Pros: Job security is good and work culture

Cons: None at all this is the best
Advice: None
Pros: Great company and a great place to work

Cons: Sometimes there is a lack of focus to get things done!
Advice: None
Pros: Love the people on my team and have had great managers!

Cons: Compensation is not that great
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance. Good company to work with

Cons: Onboarding at SAP is heavy.
Advice: Internal processes at SAP are the single biggest time waster.
Pros: Great long term culture. Great people. Lots of career growth. Well compensated.

Cons: None it was a good place.
best for first timer
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has great worklife. Agile development and always in pace. its a great place to work

Cons: Compensation is not at par with the industry.
Advice: Reconsider bumping up the base pay.
Pros: Collegial environment that supports learning and personal growth.

Cons: Compensation is does not keep up with the rest of the market, but there are some other great benefits. YMMV in regard to them making up for compensation. Lots of senior management leaving the company recently.
Advice: None
Pros: Lot's to learn that can be applied at lots of employers.

Cons: There aren’t many cons working here
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Could see improvement in competitive salary.
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has a great culture and values their employees.

Cons: none come to mind at the moment
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits, pay, equity programs, flexibility, programs

Cons: monotonous and pretty much no growth
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance and tech stack

Cons: Pay is lower than competitors 
Stock options are lower than competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible 
Lots of PTO
Great benefits

Cons: no negative behavior so far
Advice: None
Pros: Positive work and environmental culture

Cons: - lack of standardized coding practices
Advice: None
Pros: - great benefits
- cool HQ office

Cons: Management could be more transparent.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, friendly people.

Cons: No innovation. Bureaucratic processes, like working for big government.
Advice: None
Pros: Kind colleagues. Good work/life balance.

Cons: Compensation growth can be a struggle. Headquarters in Germany can mean a lot of remote leadership.
Advice: Rationalize the compensation to company performance: stock price, operating margin. Merit increase pools are tiny compared to how well the company is doing.
Pros: SAP is doing well while doing good. Socially responsible, making the world a better place. Respectful and diverse workplace.

Cons: Board design operates in silos
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent compensation and benefits - flexible work environment. Plenty of room to grow your career

Cons: - Huge room for People to fool around there, with no organization wise support for correction 
- Creative and enthusiastic people easily demolished by those bad figures …
- No much you can really expect as for a major and meanfull change 

-
Advice: None
Pros: - Very stable job
- Good for just staying there..

Cons: not much,work life balance,not much
Advice: None
Pros: people, flexibility, benefits,brand, growth prospects

Cons: Red Tape, Difficulty improving things due to too many cooks in the kitchen.
Advice: Actually listen to those below and customer feedback.
Pros: Colleagues, Collaboration, Customer Base, Perks, Salary

Cons: Typical challenges you see in large companies - not unique to SAP.
Advice: None
Pros: Awesome people, challenging &amp; interesting work, great comp &amp; benefits, flexibility to move around

Cons: I have zero complaints working here.
Advice: None
Pros: Employees are treated very fairly.

Cons: Managing change timely due to size
Advice: Continue to challenge the status quo
Pros: Global mindset, experience and maturity

Cons: Very good place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Love it here great place

Cons: Lower than average pay here
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Life Balance, Good Leadership

Cons: Many decisions come from committees based in Germany, but they're trying to move towards a more collaborative model.
Advice: None
Pros: Fairly stable work environment, I guess.

Cons: Pay is not that great
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is good, Teammates are nice

Cons: Appraisals are not as per industry standards
Advice: Focus on talent retention
Pros: Great culture and unlimited opportunity to learn
Good work life balance
PTO and unlimited sick leaves

Cons: hard to think of any
Advice: Continue to listen to customers and employees as you continue to improve and drive value
Pros: Strong leadership, flexibility, and ability to leverage industry knowledge to drive value in the sales cycle

Cons: Transitioning to cloud is still catching up.
Advice: None
Pros: Work load balance is good!

Cons: Need more cross org interactions, beyond work meetings, to bridge company's scale
Advice: Bridge hierarchical silos - knowledge and important insights may not cascade up fast enough
Pros: Good work/life balance
People generally enjoy working together
Interesting work

Cons: Some competitors do pay more
Advice: Keep continuing the great transparency  for the business
Pros: SAP offers good compensation packages including base pay, bonuses, and stock. Great leadership in all areas of the business.

Cons: Can be slow at times to finalize decisions which are frustrating to customers. Development of new features is also slow.
Advice: Focus on customer needs, continue to improve enhancement process
Pros: Collaborative, energetic, dynamic, lots to learn and do. Adopted virtual work during pandemic well. Continue to focus on mindfulness and other employee wellness programs

Cons: Though development opportunities are present, networking is important.
Advice: D&amp;I can improve by creating many opportunities for minorities, women, and LGBTQ+ community
Pros: Supportive Environment
Great Pay
Clear Growth Path 
Multiple Opportunities to Develop

Cons: get lost in crowd
impossible to get anything done
Advice: None
Pros: decent benefits. networking, learning opportunities, big company

Cons: Too many silos and disaggregated systems.
Disconnection during the customer lifecycle.
Advice: Simplify and standardize.
Pros: Good work/Life balance.
Good compensation.
Good benefits.
Excellent co-workers

Cons: slow progression paths and confusing roles
Advice: better integration between the various roles involved in the sales cycle
Pros: Great work life balance and benefits

Cons: Development process may be cumbersome
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance
Managers are generally very supportive on career growing opportunities

Cons: Many acquisitions and constant change in leadership, this leads to frequent process and strategy changes
Advice: None
Pros: Great products, great pay, great benefits

Cons: Some sales techniques suggested from the top down do not always work.
Advice: None
Pros: Always someone there to help with the role. Laid back managers. Great training experience

Cons: Focus change for our group
Advice: None
Pros: Highly recommended, great work culture

Cons: Not competitive pay and not a great office
Advice: None
Pros: Good work culture, flex work and easy commute

Cons: Need to prioritize hiring early talent.
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing company that has a great culture.

Cons: - Leadership - or lack thereof
- Silos everywhere
- Managers who hold grudges
- Most employees are complacent
- Organization changes every three to four months
- Lack of transparency
Advice: Put your values into action
Stop promoting managers who take credit for the work individual contributors did
Take complaints seriously
Pros: Pay is slightly above average 
Benefits are decent
Ability to work remotely

Cons: no real cons at all, maybe consider complex processes
Advice: None
Pros: good environment, learning and colleagues

Cons: Predominately male executive team
Large company with competing priorities
Advice: Minimize executive layers
Improve product integration
Listen to customer facing employees
Pros: Great employees focused on teamwork
Encourages work life balance

Cons: salary doesn't keep up with other tech companies
Advice: None
Pros: New challenges, time to learn most recent cloud technologies, great colleagues

Cons: Company is still behind in terms of cloud business
Advice: None
Pros: ample opportunities to learn new things at SAP

Cons: Big
Virtual
Not virtual
Layers
Nothing else
Advice: Keep top performers and stay ahead of the competition.
Pros: Vision
Great co-workers
Innovation 
Culture
Ethical

Cons: No real cons. If you're working on something complex, SAP can be a large organization to navigate at times but everyone is always supportive.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: 1. Great company culture
2. Lots of opportunities to learn and grow
3. Excellent benefit package

Cons: compensation is not so great compare to the average tech company
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, flexible work hours

Cons: top down mentality; very hierarchical; frequently changing priorities; low accountability
Advice: Don't keep adding to the company strategy. The strategy loses meaning and importance.
Pros: nice people; good benefits; culture of learning; attempts at inclusivity

Cons: It is difficult to move up in pay, once you enter the company.
Advice: None
Pros: Most positions are remote and the work life balance is great. Good benefits and quality leadership.

Cons: Restricted relocation policies
Less external client projects
Advice: None
Pros: Good Brand Value
Nice Work Environment
Opportunities to Grow

Cons: Nothing that I can think of. SAP is a top employer
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing culture
Great Benefits
Flexible Work hours

Cons: Prior-CEO's lacked the future .
Advice: Keep the sam CEO/Board Members
Pros: Outstanding Board members and Current CEO , Overall an excellent experience. I learned so much at SAP over the years , Joining SAP was one of the best things I ever did. Excellent culture, work life balance, and opportunity.

Cons: Big companies can be slow to do anything
Advice: None
Pros: They genuinely focus on Sustainability

Cons: areas of management stricken with corporate nepotism / this is familiarity bias at work
Advice: Review bias in career movements.
Pros: Progressive inclusive company with great core values

Cons: There is constant change in leaders and positions and it is extremely hard to keep track of. Career paths are also not very clear in some departments.
Advice: None
Pros: The people at the company are great and wonderful colleagues to have. Most are team players and willing to help if a need arises. The benefits are also very good.

Cons: Sometimes, meeting could sneak overtime
Advice: None
Pros: Great team culture and great office environment

Cons: Not much of work and life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Learning new technologies and platforms

Cons: There were benefits for some regions more than others
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, professionalism, organized, culture and employees

Cons: I don't see any con
Advice: None
Pros: Great work culture , multitude of opportunities for growth

Cons: Heavy internal politics and inadequate management of consultants.
Advice: Promoting the best consultant into a Practice Manager frequently creates management issues unless the individual has had significant experience in mid-management positions/
Pros: Great community. Great projects. Depends on timing coming off the bench or transitioning to a new project.

Cons: Depending on what modules you are an expert on, demand can be very cyclical.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, walk the talk on diversity and respect for others, especially GLBT.
Good at looking at the long term picture and keeping expertise on the bench in leaner times if work is ahead in the pipeline.

Cons: Team is too big and sometimes you wait too long for decision to be made.
Advice: None
Pros: Very driven working environment, open communication

Cons: Career progression is very difficult.
Advice: Focus on the career progression of employees.
Pros: Good work-life balance and great people.

Cons: Difficult to move up. Very strong cliques in leadership roles. Gotta know someone to move.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture , openness, good diversity globally

Cons: - Slow career advancement
- Hard to effect change
- Lots of leadership turnover
Advice: None
Pros: - Great people
- Flexible WFH
- Strong corporate sense of responsibility
- Interaction with teams around the globe

Cons: SAP did not have unlimited PTO, they should switch to that to be more competitive. They should also have monthly wellness days
Advice: None
Pros: Work/life balance, Benefits, Remote work friendly

Cons: Unfortunately, the pay is a bit light by Sillicon Valley standards. Career advancement is very slow unless you are located in Germany.
Advice: Need better compensation to keep talented people from leaving.
Pros: The best thing about SAP is the people. I've met more of the nicest people here than at any other company I've worked for.

Cons: Big companies move very slow.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Diversity. Culture.

Cons: -Outdated legacy code
-Most time is spent debugging terrible code than actually doing development
-Outdated tech stack
Advice: None
Pros: -Flexible schedules
-Work life balance
-Nice perks

Cons: Some people in other teams, they left very early, which makes me feel not that good.
Advice: None
Pros: Managers, teammates are great people. I was happy when I worked in SAP. My manager cares me and helps me when I am stucked. I learnt a lot of things from them.

Cons: Internal processes are horrible, too focused on the "SAP way"
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with, great products, customer focused.

Cons: Stock has underperformed, limited technical jobs in the US
Advice: None
Pros: Stable company, worldwide, fair pay

Cons: Sometimes internal processes can be long and slow
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, takes care of employees

Cons: Lack of direction for Data Science and Machine Learning roles in some organizations.
Advice: None
Pros: Understanding management, Resonable benefits and good work life balance

Cons: No cons for this company.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for.

Cons: Not as competitive compensation of as the market
Advice: None
Pros: Learning opportunities, healthy work environment

Cons: I have no real cons about working here, they keep their employees happy.
Advice: None
Pros: incredible work life balance, understanding management.

Cons: Limited raises annually, hard to climb ladder
Advice: Pay your internal employees competitive salaries to retain talent
Pros: Work life balance, great company

Cons: It can cause lots of stress
Advice: None
Pros: The money is good Money

Cons: Hard to navigate given how big SAP is.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: No networking maybe due to covid
Advice: Opportunities for building connection between teams
Pros: Seasoned, well experienced people that you can learn more

Cons: There were definitely some times where I was working insane hours, but this was not the norm.
Advice: None
Pros: Overall an excellent experience. I learned so much at SAP and might go back someday.

Cons: Pay may be a bit low compared to competitors
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home, awesome benefits, work with a very community based team.

Cons: Lots of pressure to sell
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work for

Cons: Slow moving
Political
Large
Not as diverse as they want to be
Non-competitive salaries
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible
Stable
Good people in general
Good culture
Various learning opportunities

Cons: Collaboration can be tricky due to global
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, great support, good education opportunities, room for promotions

Cons: There are a lot of job roles
Advice: Please retain the top talent.
Pros: The culture is super great.

Cons: - Low salary compared to other tech companies
- Appreciation is only by words and does not reflect in your salary 
- Career growth and getting promotion is very difficult 
- Employee turnover is high
Advice: None
Pros: - Excellent work-life balance
- Good benefits (insurance, paid family leave, etc.)
- Nice people

Cons: No cons. Best place to work
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is the major pro

Cons: Nothing really, the leadership knows what they are doing
Advice: None
Pros: Employee friendly, lot of opportunities, good RSU or ESPP options

Cons: Many many levels , org chart changing too often
Advice: None
Pros: Looking to help you upskill and move forward

Cons: It is not too bad
Advice: None
Pros: collaborative, open, relaxing, work life balance

Cons: Work life balance could be better.
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits and pay. Great colleagues

Cons: Complex and continual change organizationally. With headquarters in Germany it seems most high-level roles stay there and it’s political.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company that continued to take care of their employees during the pandemic.

Empowering culture, innovative.

Cons: Insurance coverage
Salary
Merit/cost of living increases
Advice: Treat your longtime employees as well as your new employees.
Pros: Decent work life balance and vacation allowance

Cons: 1. Pay
2. Technology
3. Bureaucracy
4 Slow delivery
Advice: Focus and deliver new innovative products that can actually compete
Pros: 1. Work life balance
2. Company culture
3. Benefits

Cons: Sometimes you have to travel alot
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible environment
Work - Life balance

Cons: There are not negative aspects
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits, culture, and career opportunities

Cons: I have no cons to list
Advice: None
Pros: Encouraged to maintain a good work life balance

Cons: Values promoted don’t any longer reflect reality.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance and flexibility

Cons: There's a lot of job redundancy and activity for the sake of activity.
Advice: None
Pros: The company genuinely supports a good work/life balance.

Cons: no cons for this job
Advice: 
Pros: The company compensates their employees very well

Cons: Covid vaccines are mandatory for current employees to visit an office, customer site, or attend a company event.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible work arrangements, great compensation &amp; benefits, amazing culture, prioritizes diversity &amp; inclusion

Cons: It is a giant company with HQ in Germany. It can feel like decisions take forever.
Advice: None
Pros: Very open communications. Lots of benefits and programs to help employees at work and in life.

Cons: Owned by SAP and processes are passed down that do not always fit the Fieldglass business model.
Advice: None
Pros: Leadership supports their people and grows them personally and professionally.

Cons: Reorganized and confusion about roles/ responsibilities
Advice: None
Pros: Remote work and flexible schedules

Cons: Stock price is down a lot
Advice: None
Pros: Harmony balance community compensation travel

Cons: Near impossible to get into managerial positions
Advice: None
Pros: great organization to grow your knowledge base

Cons: None that I can think of honestly
Advice: None
Pros: Fantastic company with good benefits, pay, and culture

Cons: not too many innovative projects
Advice: None
Pros: Helpful people
good work life balance

Cons: Lack of US based Board/L1 Leadership to balance EMEA thought leadership
Advice: None
Pros: Opportunities for growth, caring family-oriented environment

Cons: 5 reorgs in 5 years. Poor management. Individual contributors are not heard. Managers manage up rather than caring about their staff.
Advice: Listen to the colleagues who actually perform tasks.
Pros: Great benefits, great training opportunities

Cons: More opportunities to grow within the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great environment at the workplace

Cons: the company is too big. too many teams and this causes some overlap
many company wide initiatives and sometimes it is hard to keep up
many changes and reorganizations, but it doesn't lead to job loss.
Advice: None
Pros: Puts employees first.
Flexible work schedule
Great company culture

Cons: Obtainable but very difficult to hit quota. Constantly making changes which requires you to adapt at a high level.
Advice: None
Pros: One of the market leaders for the products/services they offer.

Cons: Large company - 110K+ employees
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility and management are key

Cons: Lots of corporate learning &amp; initiatives
Advice: Try to connect more with employees on a personal level
Pros: Unique and diverse work environment
Flexible

Cons: Slow moving, won’t grow as much, low compensation
Advice: Listen to employees
Pros: Great wlb, friendly people, big company, lots of support and resources

Cons: Old building Demanding Weekend on call
Advice: None
Pros: People Location Management Benefits Opportunity

Cons: Long hours but it pays off
Advice: None
Pros: Experience at SAP has been fantastic. Hard work is rewarded and in turn grows your career.

Cons: Difficult onboarding and tons of red tape/non-revenue generating activities within the role.
Advice: None
Pros: - Great Teams
- Solid Compensation
- Excellent Benefits

Cons: Less pay  
Topical German company
Advice: Good
Pros: Great place to work 
Life work balance

Cons: Below-industry pay and top-heavy management can be tough to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: Stable employment and good wlb are big perks here

Cons: It was virtual so not as much networking opportunities were presented
Advice: None
Pros: NA NA NA NA NA

Cons: There is a lack of forward looking strategy for the role
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership. Overall nice people to work with

Cons: Less innovation and frequent management changes
Advice: None
Pros: Good and stable growth with great integration among different SAP products

Cons: Nothing, a good company for the region
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, benefits, structure, colleagues

Cons: Change without clarity. Execution of change lacking. Transformation fatigue.
Advice: Know where you want to go and let your people know.  Lead.  Communicate.  Be transparent.
Pros: Innovative. Great colleagues. Many different opportunities. Work-life balance. Good Compensation &amp; Benefits.

Cons: - Salaries are not the best
- Very difficult to get promoted or climb in the organization ladder
Advice: None
Pros: - Diversity
- Benefits
- Way wof working

Cons: Lower market salary than other like-minded businesses, but health benefits are competitive and very affordable
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with competitive health benefits

Cons: Relatively slow career progression 
Almost yearly structural changes
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits
Remote culture
Fast pace environment triggering new challenges and learning opportunities 
People, gentle work environment

Cons: May not lead to a full time job due to company red tape
Advice: None
Pros: Many opportunities to grow and connect with mentors

Cons: Slow career growth
Lots of siloed parts still
Advice: Improve cross-team collaboration
Pros: Decent pay
Work feels somewhat meaningful

Cons: Low pay for comparable job description/offerings elsewhere.
Advice: More communication and higher pay.
Pros: Decent work life balance. WFH.

Cons: more work and travelling a lot over countries
Advice: research information
Pros: good culture and exciting colleagues and enviroment

Cons: quarterly pressure but expected with a sales job
Advice: None
Pros: work life balance and respect for their people

Cons: sluggish role movement and fixed component of compensation
Advice: None
Pros: Less stress, good work-life balance, Good bonus

Cons: Very large hard to navigate
Advice: None
Pros: A company that cares about its employees

Cons: No comments. No comments. No comments.
Advice: None
Pros: Good to work with a team.

Cons: Less competitive compensation and benefits offered.
Advice: None
Pros: Good leadership, great principles followed in the company

Cons: Promotion and bonuses are peanuts
Advice: None
Pros: WLB is good and team culture is great

Cons: rigid and somewhat inflexible, engineer mindset
Advice: path to move forward for employees
Pros: great people, good pay, great purpose

Cons: Long hours, travel can be excessive
Advice: management is sound, staying current with market demands
Pros: Great benefits, great pay, great work

Cons: Fortunately for me, there have been no downsides.
Advice: The management here walks the talk and they are committed to diversity and inclusion initiatives company wide which is important.
Pros: Great people, culture, benefits, and opportunities for advancement.

Cons: Sink or swim culture
Upper management does not care 
Most, if not all employees are unhappy
Little room for growth
Advice: Listen and pay attention to your employees
Pros: Fast paced environment with lots of different software to support

Cons: no significant growth at this place
Advice: None
Pros: great place to work and work life balance

Cons: * Not any I have come across
Advice: None
Pros: * Work life balance
* Employee Perks &amp; Benefits
* Health Insurance scheme like no other
* Flexible working hours
* Work from anywhere
* Ample Number of Leaves
* Healthy Work Environment
* Mangers taking regular feedback from Employees

Cons: Absolutely nothing to complain about
Advice: None
Pros: Everything ; no complaints at all

Cons: A little old fashioned in terms of work culture and approach.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance.
Learning opportunities.

Cons: Management, managers, managers, manager, manager
Advice: None
Pros: Great, benefits, culture,people,job , great

Cons: Constant org changes
Complex architecture
Marketing focused and driven
Advice: Keep it simple.
Streamline organizational change.
Pros: Creative
Work from home
Good pay
Great benefits
Smart team

Cons: Large company has its downsides, sometimes it takes a while to see change
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, 401k, countless career paths at a large company, lots of employee network groups, locations and flex to work.

Cons: Need work on eradicating the gender pay gap issue
Advice: None
Pros: Great work and life balance

Cons: 1) Hardly any con for this Company
Advice: No advice for the management
Pros: 1) Has good benefits and work life balance
2) Very Employee friendly policies

Cons: None to list. Great company
Advice: None
Pros: Well taken care of. Great company

Cons: Too many managers, too many reorganizations, salaries are woefully low ... just stay away!
Advice: None
Pros: Not much, honestly. The benefits would be good if they had a better network.

Cons: Management pushes the wrong agenda. don't know what they are doing.
Advice: None
Pros: always in play for business with leads.

Cons: Heavy on internal marketing/corporate messaging
Advice: None
Pros: Great professional culture and talent network

Cons: Hard to hit quota
Leadership is all over the place
Very corporate setting, you feel like youre a fish in ocean
Tough to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Good experience for future sales roles

Cons: SPA uses very specific home-grown technologies like ABAP, Hana, Fiori that you cannot leverage your expertise nowhere else..
Advice: None
Pros: Job Security, work life balance

Cons: Red tapes and board mandates..
Competing business priorities.
Advice: None
Pros: Challenging opportunities for enterprise software move to cloud.
Great career development opportunities.
Stability.

Cons: Can get hard to navigate strategy sometime to your own business unit.
Advice: Keep things simple and build strong leadership trust at executive levels.
Pros: Great values and employee centric.

Cons: Not a ton of work-life balance, tons of leadership changes make it hard to feel secure
Advice: None
Pros: Great exposure and experience, freedom to be creative

Cons: Compensation is good but it could be more competitive.
Advice: You're doing great! I've heard compensation isn't as competitive as competitors and we have lost some good employees because of compensation.
Pros: Work/Life balance
Benefits
Compensation
Management/Leadership
Career advancement
Side projects
Fun Events
Remote work

Cons: Could be better built  for bonuses
Advice: None
Pros: Wonderful place to work just out of college

Cons: Sometimes it is overwhelming and challenging.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, room for growth and appreciated.

Cons: Company and inter-organizational size creates lots of "red tape" processes.
Advice: None
Pros: Global company reach. Broad cross disciplinary functions. Pace and movement in the company is very much in the control of the employee
Flex work policies.

Cons: I do not have any negative thoughts on my experience at the company
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to learn and work life balance is great.

Cons: Comp is average, but the focus has changed from what's best for customers to what's best for shareholders.
Advice: None
Pros: You have an extremely large, stable organization that isn't going anywhere.

Cons: You will get less salary too.
Advice: Do an internal quality check and throw the trash away.
Pros: You have less work to do.

Cons: No cons are there . Good life
Advice: None
Pros: Sap is good. No thanks problem

Cons: Lack of Diversity at the leadership level
Advice: None
Pros: Work from home 
Great Benefits 
Supportive of a work life balance for employees

Cons: company is bit slow given its size
Advice: None
Pros: Great opportunities great people and culture

Cons: Cross company communications, duplicate efforts
Advice: None
Pros: We had the “dream team” for a while. Learned a lot.

Cons: I don't see any as of now
Advice: None
Pros: Great benefits 
Favorable Work life balance

Cons: Sometimes projects move slower due to large company size, however the excellent vision outweights this issue.
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible, Fair, excellent vision for the future.

Cons: Lots of procedures to manage
Advice: None
Pros: Good people to work with

Cons: I can't think of any
Advice: Nothing that I can think of
Pros: Great leadership team, great transparency, culture is very positive

Cons: very very slow decision making
Advice: None
Pros: super awesome people, very collaborative

Cons: Retention Policies, Strategies may need some updating especially in today's competitive environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Work, Benefits, Growth and Employee Focused, Great SAP PH Leaders!

Cons: Nothing bad to say about SAP
Advice: None
Pros: SAP has great company values

Cons: They provide less salary only.
Advice: NA
Pros: Amazing company to work !

Cons: Can be complex
Lots of people to work through
Advice: Stay the course
Pros: Lots of product
Tons of processes 
Good mission

Cons: Not a professional place, standard is very low in most of R&amp;D departments
Advice: None
Pros: Everyone are super nice and the environment is great

Cons: I do not see any as of now
Advice: None
Pros: WLB and benefits are good

Cons: None. None. None. None. None.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Work environment and good work life balance

Cons: Too big of a company. Get lost easily in the smaller picture.
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and nice culture

Cons: Pay is ok but for the work life balance we get. it is good.
Advice: None
Pros: Very supportive managers and good support for career development and learning.

Cons: Could be challenging and demanding - be ready to sacrifice your work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great company with strong corporate culture and mission. Rewarding a hard work.

Cons: No comments to provide here
Advice: None
Pros: Amazing work culture and great leaders

Cons: takes a longer time to advance
Advice: None
Pros: strong brand and marketing. solid Ent solutions; great team and regional leadership

Cons: Long hours/high expectations, some employees unresponsive/hard to work with
Advice: None
Pros: Connections, good training, ability to move upward within company

Cons: Lower compensation if you are comparing with a FAANG equivalent
Advice: None
Pros: Relaxed environment 
Work well with the team 
Great benefits 
Good Pay

Cons: it has no cons as such.
Advice: None
Pros: it is a good company.

Cons: the constant uncertainty of the job
Advice: None
Pros: Very flexible and understanding towards employee needs

Cons: Hard company to get into
Advice: None
Pros: Best company to work for!! Especially for early talents, lots of room to grow and options along the way

Cons: No complains No on calls etc
Advice: NA
Pros: Wlb. Best work life balance chill work project

Cons: Onboarding into new roles isn't always smooth.
Advice: None
Pros: work culture
work life balance
benefits
work environment - offices are inviting and well decorated. Motivates you work

Cons: Large Company with Focus out of Germany
Advice: None
Pros: Very good  company culture, benefits

Cons: limited transparency in job levels
Advice: None
Pros: Unlimited sick off, Stock match, 401K, health insurance, paid time off

Cons: too many sales executives and many layers
Advice: need more delivery experts than sales people
Pros: Very reasonable and provided work life balance

Cons: Hard to progress your career to the next level, salary is below market
Advice: None
Pros: Great company, good work life balance, insurance

Cons: Work / Life Balance in some case or proyects
Advice: None
Pros: Career Opportunities, good management day by day

Cons: Long hours are seen as the norm
Advice: None
Pros: Company truly cares about their employees and the people are all pretty nice.

Cons: Very underpaid compared to every other large tech company.
Advice: None
Pros: Good WLB and nice teammates

Cons: some time its hard to find work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work with

Cons: Sometimes slow depending on project you work on.
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture.
Good work life balance.

Cons: Decision making might be sometimes slow
Advice: None
Pros: People, flexible hours, benefits and more

Cons: Leadership changes very often. Not enough growth and guidance.
Advice: None
Pros: A friendly working environment also depends on the group

Cons: Lots of red tape, declining commission payouts
Advice: None
Pros: Large sales bag, extensive resources,

Cons: None that I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance overall

Cons: Can sometimes have to navigate a lot of organizational complexity
Advice: None
Pros: Great work-life balance and enjoy the company culture

Cons: Pay is a little on the lower side for entry level.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work-life balance at SAP

Cons: Less pay, politics , and overall not great
Advice: Invest in young people
Pros: Good benefits and 401k programs

Cons: Lack of timely growth and market compensation.
Advice: Please priotize growth and career development for employees
Pros: Good global visibility and work life balance

Cons: SDR Senior Leadership is horrible.
Advice: None
Pros: The company is great. Commissions are uncapped. You can really make as much as you want.

Cons: can be a hostile environment for female engineers
Advice: None
Pros: generous paid time off and benefits

Cons: - Top heavy
- Lacks proper vision
Advice: None
Pros: - Flexible timing
- People with a lot of experience to work with
- Flexible movement within organization

Cons: Sometimes Hike percentage is less
Advice: None
Pros: Work Life balance, Lot of opportunities to explore different technologies

Cons: Complex org internally and to the customer
Constant change
Advice: None
Pros: Fair comp plan
Good benefits
Opportunity for growth

Cons: - Pay is not that much.
Advice: None
Pros: - Everyone is very friendly and helpful.

Cons: work life balance, time-zones are a challenge
Advice: None
Pros: Very diverse, global, intelligent people

Cons: no cons I can think of
Advice: None
Pros: great growth within company and team building

Cons: Big company, rigid, lots of process
Advice: None
Pros: People, products, customers, pay, experience

Cons: Slow growth and slow paced environment.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance at SAP

Cons: Weak/flat hierarchy in regards to career progression
Advice: None
Pros: Treats its employees incredibly well.

Cons: ERP needs to evolve and expand
Advice: None
Pros: US management is relatively strong

Cons: I do not have an "cons"
Advice: None
Pros: Great Global Based Company for new and experienced employees

Cons: No cons whatsoever, they take care of their own.
Advice: Keep it up!
Pros: They take care of their people.

Cons: Management.
Pay.
Bonus.
Compensation. 
Management.
Forced work from office policy
Advice: Be better.
Pros: Very very very beautiful office and fantastic coworkers.

Cons: compensation could be better to compete with highly competitive market in this area.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture and respectable work environment

Cons: Not many roles for "creatives". Sales and tech are the bulk of all jobs.
Advice: None
Pros: Great culture, autonomy, flexibility are outstanding.

Cons: No Raises or any way to make more money
Advice: None
Pros: Free Food if you like garbage

Cons: Hard to move up unless you know someone
Advice: Better incentives
Pros: Great career, pay is not bad, and benefits

Cons: Complexity of internal and external processes, offerings.
Advice: None
Pros: Culture is very inclusive, people oriented.

Cons: promotion slow
compensation review if you stay at company longer not great
Advice: None
Pros: great company to work for. Provides flexible benefits

Cons: Alot of bureaucracy.
Moving from one salary tier to another can be hard.
Advice: None
Pros: Good company to start your career.
Flexible work life balance.

Cons: None at this point. Good so far
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work !!

Cons: Lack of influence and tribalism hinders empowerment/growth
Advice: Listen and action on what you see and hear
Pros: Family culture within the CRC

Cons: salary is below market. need to do better
Advice: None
Pros: good co-operative workers and helpful

Cons: none that i can think of right now
Advice: None
Pros: company culture is great in here

Cons: Tooooo slow. Products are not improving at all.
Advice: None
Pros: Good work life balance, everyone in the team is nice

Cons: Not many on site perks.
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance. Location. Part-time option

Cons: Left without tasks to do occasionally
Advice: Be more inclusive
Pros: Flexible work environment, fun team

Cons: inability to go back into the office
Advice: None
Pros: great work life balance, working from home

Cons: relocation
remote work
work balance
job pressure
management
job carrier
Advice: None
Pros: good bonus
salary package
benefits
office location
great work

Cons: Lower pay than other software companies
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and great people

Cons: Lots of internal process to get things done
Advice: None
Pros: Loved the team and culture

Cons: Niche software that is highly specalized
Advice: None
Pros: SAP is widely recognized and used

Cons: Internal resources and understanding technology road map
Advice: None
Pros: Great people and work environment

Cons: Working in global team
Less RSU
1.5 % increment every year
Advice: None
Pros: Balance life, helpful people,
Learning from team

Cons: Can be stressful until tight deadlines
Advice: Be more caring for your workers
Pros: Great work life balance within company

Cons: No cons to write about
Advice: None
Pros: Excellent place to work at

Cons: slow monotonous lacks speed required formarket
Advice: None
Pros: flexible, new technologies, team work

Cons: Not as high paying as the others.
Advice: None
Pros: Independence, dignity, flexibility, equity, challenging

Cons: Long hours, lots of micro management
Advice: None
Pros: Fun, fast, rewarding, nice, cool

Cons: Not much room for growth
Advice: None
Pros: Work life balance is decent

Cons: No flexibility, hard to get promoted
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay, benefits, and retirement plan

Cons: German influenece is hard to manage
Advice: None
Pros: good benefits and work life balance

Cons: Very poor mid level management
Advice: None
Pros: Big company with solid reputation

Cons: Large company hard to make changes
Advice: None
Pros: great benefits and improved over the years

Cons: Career growth and to progress within
Advice: None
Pros: Good benefits and work life balance

Cons: High Demand 
High volume
Unplugging can be difficult
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible schedule
Fantastic teams
Work life balance

Cons: Lower pay comparatively. - -
Advice: None
Pros: Good wlb. - - -

Cons: Global org, not a lot of visibility
Advice: None
Pros: Lateral and upward movement great company
