Cons: Chaotic, disorganized culture, lack of direction within teams. You'll do the job for at least a year or two before you actually get the promotion. Heavy reliance on early talent to fill gaps puts strain on teams. Lack of transparency from senior management. The recent restructuring showed a major lack of strategy with many high performers let go and low performers kept putting major strains on teams and thereby PEOPLE. Tough work-life balance as the environment is unstable.
Advice: Lean into managers and seniors on teams when planning a restructuring to avoid leaving teams in shambles with select high performers left to keep fort with low performers staying on but not pulling any weight. Get transparent - none of the tough questions were directly answered, rather run around with foggy responses. Create a space for true, open, honest feedback from your employees, especially during the most difficult times. Stop tooting the benefits plan in compensation conversations, all large orgs and most small now offer benefits packages, this is standard industry practice. Make it right: Seek to bring back the major talent that was given away and eliminate the burden of low performers.
Pros: Good benefits, lots of opportunities to learn on the fly, self-teach, and grow professionally as a result. Great opportunity to grow and learn if you are a student as there are lots of internships - be prepared to work!

Cons: Was re-orged multiple times as company made significant directional changes. Still feels like there are too many siloes and many job functions where people stay narrowly in their lanes.
Advice: Innovation and 'telling it like it is' feels foreign. Leadership decisions at all levels feel like cautious baby steps, with limited opportunity for entrepreneurial employees to shine outside of fringe/niche roles.
Pros: Good Benefits; Relatively few layoffs during my time which overlapped with big changes and a global pandemic; Comfortable place to work if you are looking for a long-term home; Most people are nice to work with.

Cons: The work was pretty routine, not very interesting. Early quarters could be slow/manageable, but quarter-ends were extremely busy, progressively so, and stressful working with the sales teams to close deals.
Advice: None.
Pros: Well-run company, most employees were generally nice and easy to work with, with some exceptions in the sales group of overly-aggressive type-A personalities who neither valued nor were interested in legal advice.
