Cons: The do not hire the best person for the job. They hire friends and members of their cliques. If you don't kiss the right butt you can forget advancement. If you upset the wrong person they can make your life a living miserable and in some cases block you from leaving their department.  They don't hire managers who have the skill set to empower and educate the team. When a team is scared to talk to management because they are talked to like 5 year olds it's toxic to say the least.
Advice: Be fair and promote the best person for the job. Take some time to familiarize yourselves with what the department does so that you can lead the team. Just because someone isn't your drinking buddy doesn't mean they deserve to be talked about or talked down to. Notice your talent and take advantage of their ability to make you look good,  In most cases your team knows more about the business than you. No when you have an exceptional team and treat them all equal. Open door policy means.. Open your mouth and we'll show you the door.
Pros: SAP has a competitive salary and bonus program. Paid vacation, matching 401K program and benefits package.. Their learning tools are extensive and you will definitely  have to rely on those resources.

Cons: it is to bad that if you don't fall into the right click you are an outsider...the Exec Adm staff have too much power...so you pray that they like you if not your life will be a living hell. It could be a great company and great to work for if they only treated and respected everyone.
getting a rasie was a joke....but as long as upper managmenet got their $$$ then life was good
Since you have to spend so much time at your work...it should be a some what pleasent experience...and yes you will have bumps along the way...but..this road is not even paved
I could go on and on...but what is the point..it well never change...they big dogs are making big $$$ on the backs of the everday employees....
Advice: All I can say is you need to treat all your employees like you like to be treated...and stop with all the lies...about more $$$ and promotions...that will never happen unless you like them or they fit into the click....one day you will know what this feels like....it will come around sooner or later that i KNOW
Pros: It has a lot of potential to learn a lot regarding the software

Cons: Poor/hostile relations between teams on separate sites
Too much reinventing the wheel - groups have no idea what tools, libraries, functionality have already been written in house
Long process for using OSS (GPL not allowed) in projects
Management does whatever it thinks best without asking employees
Management is trying to do more with less employees and work-life balance suffers
Management jerks teams around. They give you a project then transfer it away then assign another and then transfer it away.  That does wonders for morale.
Everything moves very slowly.  Adoption of new technology and methodology is years behind.
Advice: Get the engineering org to catalog existing functionality. It isn't good when a group is OEMing a competitors solution when there is an in house one they don't even know exists.
Address morale problems
Move organization toward quicker technology adoption and allow time for employee innovation.
Pros: Lots of friendly and competent people to work with
There are some interesting technical problems to solve (if you can get on one of those projects)
The benefits are good.

Cons: Glacial development cycles driven by Walldorf (German HQ) mean that it's difficult to make any sort of impact. SAP does not understand how to really manage innovation and how to do things quickly. Also, there is lots of dead wood here - the people that actually make things happen either become executives (in a few cases) or leave to go somewhere where it's easier to actually do something (most cases).
Advice: Figure out how to innovate more quickly; your vision is muddled by too much complexity. Look no further than SAP slide decks for a symptom of your problem - they are wordier than a lot of novels. If you can't articulate issues succinctly, it shows a lack of clarity in your thinking.
Pros: Pretty good compensation, usually hit bonus target, subsidized lunches, nice campus. If you like job security and not a lot of stress, you can be a lifer here.

Cons: SAP is a great company overall.  However, if you are lucky to be in a department with good management.  In my depratment, you are on your own! No support from management, heavy politics, unbelievably debilitating bureocracy, arrogance is resonating throughout the entire department, ni communication and it is hard to trust people.  You spend half your time CYA.  You are only as good as your last recent performance.  Although Bill an\d Jim have created a great vision and people strategy, it does not propogate to all departments.  In my department, management uses fear as performance leverage.  SAD.
Advice: For long term sustainability of great talent, you must begin to truly execute the people strategy.  Remember, an organization is only as good as how happy its employees are.
Pros: Great Salary, Great benefits and paid time off.

Cons: Promotions (in Consulting) can take very long even if you have been doing very well , its just a near flat organization

Too much travel, constantly on the road. 

The company sometimes seems too big and there is just too much information out there in the internal portal, It can exhaust you to look for simple things..
Advice: Utilization numbers matter. But they dont improve customer satisfaction. Change your reward mechanisms away from utilization only.
Pros: Vast opportunity to learn because of the diversity and complexity of our products for just about any industry /sector or business problem. 
Multicultural environment, excellent rapport across teams. 
Lateral career opportunities , relocation to a number of different countries and cities - can be awesome for someone who likes to travel.

Cons: At best you will learn nothing. In the worst case you will learn all the wrong things for this day and age
Too many layers of organization that know little, wasteful and focus on the wrong things
Technology that is sub-par compared to the rest of the industry
It may be a dinosaur on its last legs.
Advice: Simplify and get rid of at least 2 layers
Be ambitious
Be real
Be fast
Pros: great location, free food, reasonable work-life balance, good place if you are interested in a laid-back life (except in sales - on the other hand the sales model of SAP will be dead in a couple of years)

Cons: With it being such a large company, change, good or bad, does not come swiftly.
Advice: Survey your employees more often and listen to them. For instance, anyone in the sales organization will tell you that SAP CRM runs better on a customer's server than it does on our own. By surveying your employees, you may learn more than you think.
Pros: SAP is a large company that provides employees with the freedom to meet their goals while pursuing other opportunities within the company as well. They promote personal career growth to the fullest extent and offer great consultation and guidance for those looking to improve themselves.

Cons: I have yet to come by any. I have been with the company for less than a month and so far the experience has been a dream come true!
Advice: The management in this company is excellent. My manager is highly motivated, always there for me, and very quick to respond. This is a great model for other leaders in the organization to follow.
Pros: Excellent salary + Amazing Benefits; Intellectual coworkers; Very positive and motivated; Unlimited learning resources and opportunities; Great management; I have come across senior employees who have been with the company for more than 15 years and all them still are excited to be with the company.

Cons: Some quirks due to German ownership/management.  Like most tech companies there are frequent reorganizations which can be disruptive.  Very sales driven which can defocus on long term needs at times.
Advice: Would ask that leadership continue to invest in workforce skills.  Like many tech companies our work force is aging and not all have skills to keep our business competitive.
Pros: I've had excellent opportunities to advance so far; co-workers are hard working and respectful.  Compensation, benefits, work site and ability to travel are all contributors to a solid work environment New executive leadership seems very solid.

Cons: =&gt; No real leadership at the top and worried about the company being acquired
=&gt; NOT much or limited opportunities to grow as a technical expert
Advice: =&gt; A generation of new thought leaders for technology should come to the front in decision making
=&gt; Need to think more as a global organization and less as a German multinational
Pros: =&gt; Access to all you want to know about SAP applications
=&gt; Pretty laid back  and relaxed atmosphere to work
=&gt; Great for sales team and good opportunities to grow

Cons: We are still primarily a German-centric company which tends to drain a lot of our more innovative and passionate folks - the german workforce will be our undoing unless they get onboard
Advice: Stay focused on delivering real value to our customers, double-down on our innovation and ensure that we continue to recognize key contributors and invest in thier future
Pros: SAP has passionate senior and executive leadership with lots of game changing innovation and an extremely loyal and dedicated customer base - great place to work and sell

Cons: Acquired company managers try to impose their own rules. No 360 degree feedback. Incompetent managers stay. Manager too busy developing their career within other SAP groups. Some teams run like personal fiefdoms of managers. Looks like the company doesn't want to change anything. I resigned . Didn't even receive a final pay stub, no exit interview which implies they really don't care.
Advice: Introduce 360 feedback.
Pros: Excellent workplace environment. Great benefits.

Cons: - if you work in their prop. technology, it is too easy to develop app and you wont move outside your comfort zone
Advice: - reflect company vission of making better software throughout the teams and manage talented people with proper recognition and oppurtunity to grow within the company
Pros: - lot of learning oppurtunities
- customers from all kinds of industries
- focus on new prod & tech
- free lunch :)

Cons: it offers relatively low salary as compared to market. Once the first contract is made, it's so difficult to raise salary despite high performance every year
Advice: more coordination is needed for the initiatives between groups. some teams are driving their idea and too many technology is used and invested.
Pros: great diversity, respect to each other's culture and different ideas. 
opportunity to learn and explore other area if you are in the consulting

Cons: -&gt; Some areas are silo minded and it is hard to find resources sometimes because it is a large company
Advice: 
Pros: -&gt; Subsidized lunch
-&gt; Large global network of employees and you get to meet and network with people all around the world
-&gt; Telecommuting and remotely working allows you to balance your time and life and how you want to work
-&gt; The company is constantly changing and coming up with new ways to do things

Cons: The enterprise software market moves at a glacial pace, please be aware of that. This is a problem for the entrepreneur, especially when being located in the Silicon Valley.
Advice: Identify and nurture your employees willing to take risk and explore new things.
Pros: I regard the integrity and loyalty of SAP as a company. I've seen a lot out there, and transparency and honesty in this industry is not always valued (anymore).

Cons: Early calls for Europe (Walldorf).  Endless bureaucratic re-organizations and shuffling of leadership with minimal impact, besides confusion, for individual contributor employees.
Advice: Set the organization in stone and get to work on managing the business, margins and revenue growth. Hire more externally.
Pros: Work and Life balance supported by management. Compensation, Salary, Bonus and other benefits.  Collaboration and respect between workers is phenomenal.

Cons: Most of the non-technical opportunities are at other locations such as Newtown Square, PA or the headquarters in Waldorf Germany.
Advice: The work facilities are being designed to encourage employees to work at home.  This seems to be contrary to the efforts to encourage onsite interaction.
Pros: The best things are the diversity of employees, benefits (including a decent free lunch) and work location in Palo Alto.

Cons: The management team is a moving target in each group you never know who will survive the next reorg or rif
Advice: 
Pros: team environments, benefits, quotas, club I found the company to be a good place but hard to get promoted and very difficult to move around in

Cons: Promotions are difficult, especially for woman
Hard to connect with coworkers because of dispersed workforce
Spend too much time on internal lobbying
Advice: Reward performance for non-sales positions too
Management has constant changes which result in reorganizations that drain employee resources
Pros: Great benefits
Flexible work location(work from home available)
Lots of internal opportunities(lateral moves)

Cons: Since the company is so big, it can be hard to get to know people. Networking is KEY to getting things done here.
Advice: SAP needs a better streamlined communications system.
Pros: People here love to help you. Plus the free lunch (up to 6.50) and free snacks on each floor is a plus :)

Cons: - old boys club
- no career path
- questionable managers
- key positions in USA always awarded to external (i.e. ex-HP)
Advice: Nurture talents
Avoid yes-people
Pros: - international community
- lot of free time if in a global role
- good school

Cons: Sometimes the bureaucracy can be a bit stiffling, but they are cosntantly working to make that better. Otherwise, its a solid org
Advice: Speed up your hiring process
Pros: SAP is a great brand and a place with smart, wonderful teams. I recommend it to any one looking for a solid, challenging internship

Cons: Global company making it hard to make local decisions.
Advice: The leveling of management is not ideal. They are reducing titles to non management while still performing the same job functions.
Pros: Free food, coffee and snacks, work/life/balance programs. Great bonus and salary increases and reward programs for top performers.

Cons: Contractors are under paid, hard to obtain position if you do know someone within the company , a lot of traveling required for upper management makibg it hard to have a family
Advice: 
Pros: Benefits, anle to work remotly, positive work environment, a lot of opportunity for growth

Cons: The only con is that there aren't many companies like SAP!
Advice: 
Pros: Aside from good salary and benefits, SAP offers the most up to date technology to work with.  If you want or need to work remote, no problem!

Cons: Dead wood who will retire & will never get fired as they have figured to work the system. Corporate politics.
Advice: Churn the sernior management more often. Too many parties at senior management & leadership level leading to inefficiency & politics.
Pros: Software company. Opportunities to learn & grow

Cons: Dark side of high expectations is high presure to excel.  Lots of structure, systems, reporting.
Advice: 
Pros: I am challenged every day.  I am constantly learning and stretching my capabilities.  Benefits are great.

Cons: Sometimes the company is too big, hard to find the right person to connect to
Advice: 
Pros: The ability to move almost anywhere in the world and stay with the company is a big plus. Also, the employee benefits are excellent.

Cons: Sales driven company. Negative impact on communications and processing due to hiarachery
Advice: More internal net working opportunities for new hires
Pros: Very good life-work balance in the company. Formalized corporate structure. Smart and nice people.

Cons: Things get done slowly, painfully slowly, in some groups
Advice: get more agile!
Pros: People get a chance to move to different groups, divisions, positions

Cons: management seems to not value merit, but encourage those who suck up.
Advice: 
Pros: Great ambience, great company, place you can be proud of.

Cons: No much motivation if you are not an top performer
Advice: Treat people fairly and motivate majority of employee
Pros: Work life balance if you have a family

Cons: none that i can think of.
Advice: 
Pros: Managers are supportive and fair;  Very nice working environment, great people.  Benerfits are good and there is good sense of cooperation across silos.

Cons: Distance very far awaw from my residence
Advice: Great leadership.great work place .Need some more team building evets or celebrate more non religiouis festivals,like cultural events team building events
Pros: Great work Place to work.Great co-worker

Cons: Slow in Employee growth, Work Life Balance.
Advice: Innovate more and make more success
Pros: Lot of training material, Hands on Experience, Exposure to face Customers and get on job experience

Cons: Work life balance is tough.
Advice: 
Pros: SAP has an enormous amount of very smart & talented people, every day I learn something new.

Cons: not too much tops down communication;
Advice: goals and performance management process lags as it to long  cascade down management objectives.
Pros: Lots of A-List players, best in the industry.

Cons: not always quick with communication
Advice: 
Pros: My Team and management
Flexibity adn Work/Life balance
good benefits and perks

Cons: - salary on the lower end when compared to similar jobs
Advice: 
Pros: - Work culture is good
- Employee benefits are good

Cons: There are no cons to working for SAP America.
Advice: 
Pros: Great pay and lots of fun.

Cons: Requires a lot of work.
Advice: 
Pros: Amazing opportunity to learn. Pays very well. Working with the best of SAP skills in the world.

Cons: Big organization and multiple Matrix Reporting Structure
Advice: Continue the stellar progress~
Pros: Good Company with Innovative Products and Supporting Services

Cons: They are quick to cut interns and contractors
Advice: 
Pros: Great people
Cafeteria on site
Low stress work environment

Cons: Sometime stress at work can be too high
Advice: 
Pros: Great Place to work.  
Nice culture. 
Managers are helpful.

Cons: Re-organize twice a year at least
Advice: 
Pros: work at home - good bonuses -- excellent overall benefits

Cons: The Compensation is lower compared to other industries
Advice: 
Pros: It is great for employee satisfaction
