Cons: Frequent reorganisation Monotonous ways of working Less control on India LTs
Advice: Leadership team has a great vision, long term strategy has been defined that is win win situation for both the organisation and environment.
Pros: Competitive Salary Transparency Driven by great leaders Great Ambiance and workplace

Cons: Weak management, high workload, low level of trainings. Typical corporate politics.
Advice: Provide proper training and coaching to motivate and empower people. They expect too much from employees getting paid average salaries. Talk less and do more.
Pros: Flexible working, big office, plenty of autonomy, opportunities for development and moving departments.

Cons: Workload imbalance. Instead of hiring best people for process improvement or consultants - they guise continuous improvement efforts in games and targets that every employee must reach. They would tire people out on delivering cost efficient measures and most that an employee can get is some pennies along with a high five. No, they don't patent ideas - they claim it as the company's.
Advice: Hire a consultant, hire the best so they can pass it on - they can develop people. Don't preach about work life balance when you would send a message on a Sunday night asking people to check their laptop since a truck needs to be rescheduled.
Pros: They are very particular with the safety of their people, whatever aspect it can be. The company would provide all of the things one needs, including the best healthcare privileges and allowances. Their benefits are top tier coming from a person who has worked in a number of multinational companies.

Cons: Leaders are horrible - they aren't classed as leaders but more like BOSSES! Very biased and racist leaders. They DO NOT care for their employees at all. Luckily John the so called CPO has left the company. Although his title says Chief People Officer, he is not at all a people person. Alec who is a so called Head of Comms, just doesn't know how to communicate with the business in his comms and ends up being very harsh in his articles that end up hurting employee's feelings (very arrogant and shrewd person). Managers on the floor as well aren't very great. If you're working for Shell Energy - you're just another number for them making them money. People don't last long there because the work culture isn't good at all. This place is filled with bossy and arrogant people. No scope for development. You will only get a chance to develop if you are good buddies with the bosses!
Advice: Appreciate your employees. If you do it - do it fairly. Help your employees to grow and develop. Don't tell them how to do their JOB - they are hired for a reason, instead give them tools to excel and grow in what they are hired for. Don't just sack people just because they don't agree with your way of thinking... Instead hear out and listen to their views - it will help you being open minded not narrow minded! By giving your employees a fair chance to grow it will not only benefit them but in the long run it will benefit your company. Happy employees = Happy clients and Great customer service + great company culture. Yes Financial goals are important however employees should be kept at the heart of anything you do (remember actions speak louder than words).
Pros: The cafeteria is lovely. You have parking area

Cons: Weak management, high workload, low level of trainings. Typical corporate politics.
Advice: Provide proper training and coaching to motivate and empower people. They expect too much from employees getting paid average salaries. Talk less and do more.
Pros: Flexible working, big office, plenty of autonomy, opportunities for development and moving departments.

Cons: Workload imbalance. Instead of hiring best people for process improvement or consultants - they guise continuous improvement efforts in games and targets that every employee must reach. They would tire people out on delivering cost efficient measures and most that an employee can get is some pennies along with a high five. No, they don't patent ideas - they claim it as the company's.
Advice: Hire a consultant, hire the best so they can pass it on - they can develop people. Don't preach about work life balance when you would send a message on a Sunday night asking people to check their laptop since a truck needs to be rescheduled.
Pros: They are very particular with the safety of their people, whatever aspect it can be. The company would provide all of the things one needs, including the best healthcare privileges and allowances. Their benefits are top tier coming from a person who has worked in a number of multinational companies.

Cons: Leaders are horrible - they aren't classed as leaders but more like BOSSES! Very biased and racist leaders. They DO NOT care for their employees at all. Luckily John the so called CPO has left the company. Although his title says Chief People Officer, he is not at all a people person. Alec who is a so called Head of Comms, just doesn't know how to communicate with the business in his comms and ends up being very harsh in his articles that end up hurting employee's feelings (very arrogant and shrewd person). Managers on the floor as well aren't very great. If you're working for Shell Energy - you're just another number for them making them money. People don't last long there because the work culture isn't good at all. This place is filled with bossy and arrogant people. No scope for development. You will only get a chance to develop if you are good buddies with the bosses!
Advice: Appreciate your employees. If you do it - do it fairly. Help your employees to grow and develop. Don't tell them how to do their JOB - they are hired for a reason, instead give them tools to excel and grow in what they are hired for. Don't just sack people just because they don't agree with your way of thinking... Instead hear out and listen to their views - it will help you being open minded not narrow minded! By giving your employees a fair chance to grow it will not only benefit them but in the long run it will benefit your company. Happy employees = Happy clients and Great customer service + great company culture. Yes Financial goals are important however employees should be kept at the heart of anything you do (remember actions speak louder than words).
Pros: The cafeteria is lovely. You have parking area

Cons: local terms for pay might not be encouraging especially in countries with high inflation Pay is paid is local currency &amp; may vary with similar jobs or positions in other climes
Advice: None
Pros: Focus on learning and development Ability to change roles &amp; switch careers Global company with opportunities for international postings

Cons: - Minimal pressure makes it very easy to coast (this might be a pro for some people) - Career progression mostly a function of years of service
Advice: None
Pros: - Very good work life balance - Lots of autonomy to move around company - Can propose own projects to work on within teams

Cons: Bureaucracy due to size of the organisation Lack of investment in technology Takes a long time to get things done
Advice: Management layers need to be streamlined
Pros: Excellent Pension Benefits (20%) 30 days annual leave Great culture

Cons: Because it is a mature company, job can be repetitive and boring Career advancement can also be slow
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive pay Good bonus and employee share scheme Excellent training

Cons: Company could do better in terms of growing on a faster pace.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is amazing when it comes to the safety and health of its employees.

Cons: Have to work extended hours at times due to time difference with the asset you're supporting.
Advice: None
Pros: Great working culture and work life balance (depends on which asset you're supporting)

Cons: The salary is subpar as compared to what others can offer out there.
Advice: None
Pros: the company ensures that you are treated fairly and equally. The bosses here are generally great and they will help you grow!

Cons: Heavy workload and expect overtime work majority of the time
Advice: Expand the team to increase quality of output
Pros: Global network of colleagues to work with
Vast learning opportunities
Fully autonomous

Cons: Lower salary High workload Hard for promotion
Advice: Revise the salary for JG6. Quite low compared to other company
Pros: Great benefit Great team members A good bonus payout Safety on top notch

Cons: Least paying among other IOCs in the country, yet not higher than other industries
Advice: Pay the SNBO staff better
Pros: 1. Great medical benefits 2. Transparency and fairness 3. Great learning opportunities

Cons: Preasure for strict hybrid work even though their office is far behind the city center
Advice: None
Pros: Compare to other companies they really offer competitive salary, but be sure to negotiate in final state of your interview - there is not much chance to get raise unless you are promoted to another job group Great team lead, however I know that this is not valid for all teams

Cons: Huge workload but you get adequate compensation

Slow progression in some departments
Advice: Ensure every employee has a career plan
Discourage managers from tying employees down in one role for more than 5 years in the name of not wanting to loose their best hands

Encourage movement within the organization, fresh pair of eyes is always good for business

Hold managers accountable when their team members aren't progressing
Pros: Very good pay
Flexible work
Relaxed dress code
Amazing collegues

Cons: Depends on the team, but some workload can have make your skill growth stagnant.
Advice: None
Pros: Very good working environment, co-employees are approachable and always willing to help.

Cons: you have to be in the office 3 times per week. Low pay and a lots of projects.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, you can really learn a lot.

Cons: Lack of progression opportunities for technicians. Without bachelor degree qualifications, progression routes are limited
Advice: None
Pros: Great work / life balance, good benefits, poor pay for developing trainers with significant experience vs experienced hires

Cons: Leaders are not sure what is happening in the industry and they reshuffled organization 3 times in 2 years and they do not have any sight into future. Talk lot on equal opportunity but not even practiced 1 %.
Advice: None
Pros: Pros only for people shifted through their known circle from *BM, Performance, Career progression everything for known people. Rest all work for what you paid

Cons: Have the right intent. Need big firms like Shell for Energy Transition to meet the ever-expanding need for energy worldwide.
Advice: None
Pros: Too large means slow decision making

Cons: mostly into the oil &amp; gas industry with different chemicals in use takes a bit more time than usual to get to know the business.
Advice: None
Pros: Active perks throughout the year. Excellent environment to work. Multicultural and work driven people

Cons: •	Accountable for reviewing and providing input to the operations and maintenance manuals of OEMs, general task lists, equipment specific task lists, overhaul reports, maintenance reports, spare part list, preventive maintenance strategies, Asset best practices, technical implementation letter (TIL), etc. and technical discussions with global, site maintenance leads/technical authorities &amp; OEMs/Vendors, etc.,
Advice: •	Preparing entire work packs for preventive/corrective maintenance of heavy-duty rotating equipment like engines, compressors, pumps, turbines, etc.,
Pros: •	Preparing/developing work plan with comprehensive work packs from overhaul reports, maintenance reports, general task list, equipment specific task lists, spare part list, equipment’s drawings, circuit diagrams, P&amp;IDs, operation and maintenance manuals of OEMs, Asset best practices, technical implementation letter (TIL), etc.,

Cons: Limited self development, some managers are weak
Advice: know your business, know what your team is doing
Pros: Good competitive salaries, good benefits

Cons: There are no cons about working for Shell
Advice: None
Pros: Great work life balance Well paid Lots of opportunities

Cons: pay is poor very hard to work up
Advice: be transparent
Pros: great work life balance and flexibility

Cons: more trainings better profits a better career path
Advice: None
Pros: - good work/life balance - great atmosphere

Cons: New Credit leadership is toxic and disconnected from trading riality (they are clueless and try to hide it through blame games). Too busy controlling their staff and being micro instead of providing support and clear steer. Also, not approachable, not open, not friendly and fomenting a culture of fear on purpose. Stressful environment, long working hours, NO BONUS, low pay (they dont even top up inflation yoy). Continuous restructurings every 2 years mean no job security and teams being understaffed (although certain top management remains same for decades). You can easily get burnt out.
Advice: Do a better job retaining highly skilled employees , there is a huge brain drain at the moment. Also, has anyone from top management noticed that new Credit Leadership is building up their own empire of ex. colleagues and friends?
Pros: Good benefits (pension, 30 days of holiday etc) but thats it.

Cons: Too complex to navigate sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Shell is a good company to work and grow. You can move roles across various line of business.

Cons: You'll be moved around alot
Advice: None
Pros: Competitive salary and good culture

Cons: Low salary (does not align with the workload)
Advice: Review your assessment with the Mobility facet
Pros: Good medical benefits for employee and family

Cons: workplace - High stress. to maintain a &gt;20 years plant is very difficult. Repetitive problems such as equipment failures and leaks and getting more frequent, creating more hazards in the workplace. 
money/benefits - the pay is still not worth the risk
Advice: A lot of equipments here are still using old technology, I hope company can spend more to replace the equipments that using current technology. in long term it will save you more. rather than keep on repair, and repair and repair.
Pros: people - way less toxic compare to 10 years ago, and the company also is very strict. actions are taken immediately if you report any unethical conduct/behaviour. Less politics in the workplace. 
career - your progression, you can climb as fast as you want!
work-life balance - very good

Cons: Office politics are horrible, sucking up your manager is more important than delivering good quality work
Advice: Grow up!
Pros: nice offices and company benefits

Cons: I worked by myself for 8 hours a day which sucks (you might not)
Technically you have no break, you are on your toes 24/7 on the job and only get a break if there are no customers (depends if you're working by yourself)
You cant sit around and do nothing if there are no customers, my manager always told me there's always something that needs to be done
Advice: None
Pros: This job has amazing experience, you get to expand your networking and improves your day to day skills

Cons: Poor uninspiring leadership within HR lacking clarity of vision and its impact on those in HR. 
Real developments are painfully slow meaning often behind competitors in terms of technology and benefits offered. 
Swings from job cuts to mass hiring rather than developing internal talent.
Advice: Be more open minded on what employees can do rather than what they have done.
Pros: Good salary and pension. 
Company has an interesting role in society so you get to hear and understand beyond the newspaper headlines.

Cons: Too much politics for promotion and no career progression plan
Advice: Need to have clear plan for india market and promotion for deserving candidates
Pros: World class products, brand and pay

Cons: Compensations is great but Salary structure is not tax friendly.
Advice: HR team should work on the salary structure so that employees should be benefited from that. Some  of the people leave the organisation because of over taxation.
Pros: Best place to work
Great work life balance 
Transparent administration and Leadership 
Employee care and friendly environment with great safety practices

Cons: lot of difference are shown between tech resource and non tech resource with respective salary revision and retention bonus.Employees are not treated equally
Advice: kindly treat all employees equally
Pros: very nice company and good work life balance

Cons: I really can't think of any faults. I worked for them for 33 years.
Advice: None
Pros: Good pay/pension, great training. Great support from management

Cons: Too fast paced environment especially the global activities
Advice: None
Pros: Good culture and people. Opportunities for travel

Cons: My biggest career mistake was to join SBO bangalore. If you are in IT , you will certainly loose all your IT Skills. Inflated CTC, frequent reorgs/restructure, un-certainty, job-insecurity are some of the notable features. All roles are 4 year contract only.
 Leadership with no vision, and who believe in micromanagement. If you are a people manager and that too in Bangalore, you will not be respected by the bosses sitting in UK and Nederland. All the talk about inclusive culture is just a showoff.
Advice: None
Pros: I have nothing to say here as i did not find anything. 
There are a lot of fake reviews for "SBO Bangalore" with 5 star rating so please which are genuine.

Cons: Frameworks less mature compared to the banking industry.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, nice culture

Cons: - workload - promotions - not easy to move between deps
Advice: None
Pros: + atmosphere + equipment + bonuses + competitive salary

Cons: Too much politics in the office environment
Advice: None
Pros: Well structured policies both for work and benefits

Cons: Actually I haven't found them.
Advice: I think they need to prepare a special "what to do program" for each Intern, because sometimes it is a bit hard to understand what you need to do.
Pros: Friendly team, helpfull Budy, nice company values, many integrating events, ErgonomicAllowance for a new joiners.
