Cons: POLITICS, blocking promotions based on current requirement, salary does not compare (from what I have investigated), dictation, disrespect for staff and 'those not in the circle of influence', Inability to implement / make decisions. Buddy system of staff, no consequences for failure, no recognition for success. Clocking in and out system, time sheets monitored, no freedom without permission at every turn. Regardless of how hard you work / what you do / what you have done to get there - you are all treated - and mostly paid - the same.
Advice: Set feasible KPI's, that when met should be recognised and form a base for salary / base, take the time to talk to your staff and find out what they are doing, promotions should be based on merit and what can be proven - not whims.
Pros: The car, quarterly bonus, 13th cheque, job security, uniform saves.

Cons: While the company is still quite young and continuously developing itself, one can in some cases also notice still some minor areas that still require further development, especially with regards to certain process standards, which may sometimes cause some trouble in the daily life.
Advice: None
Pros: The work is interesting, challenging, one has the chance to push projects through, which one never could do in a headquarter location. One can receive a great level of experience and self-development within this company and is also being supported strongly with regards to further staff developments by HR.

Cons: Very bad work life balance; Top Leaders do not care about people; lots of work pressure; inefficient processes cause even more work
Engineering is better for work life balance than Sales & Marketing
Advice: Plan capacity and ressources ; care about people! ; review internal processes
Pros: International Exposure, Strategic planing, Intelligent, very good position in China, great products, well suited for the market; good technologies.

Location is Beijing, China

Cons: 1- Incompetent management: The management skills of middle and top management are very poor. Firstly the managers do not understand how the software industry works and then do not have the inclination of learning how it works. The people management skills of most of these managers can be gauged from the fact that a four member team has seen 8 people leave(in 2 years time) because they couldn't work in the VW IS environment.


2-Management focus: The top managers hardly play any role in the success of the IT projects. Top/middle managers or project manager hardly come into picture.
One senior manager seemed to have just one role  - point out to people that "this door can't be used for exit", "you need to wear tie" "you are only working the normal working hours??"

3-work-life balance: It is a very clear message from managers that developers need to work more that the normal working hours(No, budget doesn't permit overtime). 
Their estimates are generally very very poor and people end up working on weekends.
To give you an idea of the estimates: For one project the development lead estimated 115 man days of effort however the total development effort was 500+ man days..that too when developers had to cut corners to get the minimum functionality delivered.

I don't think there was even a proper discussion on why the estimates were so wrong.

4-software development processes:
Agile?  -NO
Waterfall?- NO
adhoc? - yes
wierd? -yes
depends on the whims and fancy of managers? - NO (remember that managers do not come into picture at all)
depends on the whims and fancy of lead? - YES and NO (yes, the development process keeps changing on the whims and fancy of the lead, however as the lead has no control - developers can divert the process at will)

Does the process work? - Good question!!


5-more focus on lip service than performance: This organisation doesn't value performance. To be really valued, one needs to be close to either the lead or the manager and if so, then he can get away with murder.

6-Highly political environment: 99% of employees in this department are contractors, including lead and project manager. First focus of these people is to cover their ^**£% and think about the task in hand later.
It is a highly political environment. Good people keep leaving as they can't survive and the crappies keep accumulating.

7- Not learning from mistakes: The worst part is that the VW IS department is not learning from its mistakes. I could see the same mistakes being repeated over and over again.
Advice: Create a meritocracy
Value competence and performance
learn from your mistakes
get rid of the existing crap managers
Managers need to play a part to see success in IT projects.
Concentrate on process
Pros: Brand name is the attractive feature

Cons: the managment is unstable, there are some problems with the gearbox, the comissions for sales wrer too low for this job.
Advice: add some accessorise to your cars, its too expensive for what you pay. try to stablize the managment in israel.
Pros: big company, good people, good- product, i enjoyed it very much. vw gives you a wide range of growth options.

Cons: Some of the positions were harder than others, some of the work is strenuous, the shifts start very early (not really a con though).
Advice: Good job so far! I liked the time I worked at the company.
Pros: Directions are clear and the people you work with help you until you understand how to do your job correctly. Decent amount of breaks.

Cons: nothing about to say about it. its only need to upgrade the salary structure.
Advice: update the salary structre according to the living style
Pros: good process, quick response.
technical assistance any where any time.
good working environment.
friendly both to customers and dealers.
excellent warranty administration.
giving training and updation at correct time.

Cons: Still there is need of good management,communication between German and india mgt.
Advice: hope for the best as manpower issues in india will be a more dominating hurdle
Pros: Its good to work with this org as they are green field project and one of the wolds best automobile group

Cons: Wrong people at some critical position.Some people are inexperienced to handle those position.Take time to deal with HQ in Wolfsburg.
Advice: Don't give critical position just for the sake he/she spent a long time in the company.
At certain position experience counts.
Pros: Good culture,good co. to learn,good HR policy and 5 days working.
good international exposure.

Cons: Bureaucracy, unfriendly, corporate, lacking passion, very sterile work environment, no team spirit, very very political, systems are very poor, slow decision making process, poor management structures, blame culture.
Advice: Try to ensure management really are managing employees and not looking at Rightmove all day. You know who you are. Invest more in systems - don't rely on excel - BI needed.
Pros: Package, car, products, location, brands, potential to work in different areas and in different countries,

Cons: Hard to get out of production department. Clear ceiling if you don't speak fluent German.
Advice: It is a big world. Is German required for everything?
Pros: Good company culture, quick on assigning responsabilities to new employees.

Cons: No experience in this field.. sorry for this
Advice: Good Knowledge can be gained in your concern but salary is a constrain
Pros: Good Infrastructured And Designed Module Of working Sense

Cons: A lot of processes are not stable or not established
Advice: Improve communication within the company
Pros: Company is viewed good by the friends and relatives

Cons: working shift even in sunday also
Advice: Give the promotion opportunity
Pros: Interaction with Corporate people and new customers

Cons: There is some manufacturing defect on the car
Advice: Improve for parts and at the time of manufacturing final inspection done properly
Pros: Good pickup and driving smoothly

Cons: - Slow decisions by middle mgt
Advice: Localize decision making...
Pros: - New challenges every day
- Independent responsibility and authority

Cons: The working culture , and few WEAK Policies
Advice: THINK ABOUT LOWER MANAGEMENT
Pros: Simply because ,The Brand name.

Cons: Takes too many years to get into management
Advice: Doing a good job.
Pros: Good work / life balance

Cons: it&lt;s good this compney is best of india................
Advice: good......
Pros: nice batter compney in india.

Cons: unhealthy and unsatisfied atmosphere, no support of management, negative response management, salary is very low, late night work and no overtime is given and many more....
Advice: they are like The thief blaming the cop
Pros: no pros to tell about this co.
