Cons: Some brands have a toxic work environment with a blame culture - no sense of team
Career progression is difficult, it all about timing
A lot of great employees are unmotivated 
There is a lot of internal politics, within the brands, and around the building
Advice: Listen to surveys carried out by employees. Keep staff motivated by setting defined projects, and potential career opportunities. Offer more flexible working hours, or potentially working from home one day a week.
Pros: Very friendly staff, everyone in the build is pleasant. Some brands more than others 
Great cars ownership scheme with access to cheap insurance
Great to learn about the industry quickly
Excellent pension &amp; health insurance options

Cons: 1. There is lot of politics and favorism especially in interior and exterior department.
2. People are not open to teach you systems and process,they will try to prove that only they are masters and no one world is better than them.typically Bhosari MIDC people who got hired by there relatives or friends.
3. HR and management do not have any control over such attitude people.no ethics at all at work.
4. Work quality is nothing just act like postman between supplier and Skoda or VW headquarters.
5. No work life balance at all, buses reaches 7:00 am to office you will have to start 1 hour before at-least from home if you are living well within city.
6. Increment is just 5-6 % each year.
Advice: No advice as they are never in mood of listening
Pros: No as such apart from global level systems acess

Cons: - Soooooo slow (partly due to labor union)
- Everything is politics
- No transparency in many things
- Hard to climb the ranks, lot of old managers
- Toxic culture with a lot of silos
Advice: - Fire at least 10% of management, top managers below board level should only have limited contracts for 5 years
- Get middle management to give the big picture to employees
- Give consequences for not reaching targets
- Don't get to influenced by labor union (it is a mafia)
Pros: - Excellent salary
- Gigantic company with lots of international opportunities
- Good for petrol heads and traditional engineering

Cons: Decision are taken not due to content reasons or necessity, but purely out of political reasons
Save your back attitude overtakes taking any risks
Lacks behind in digitalization efforts
Hard to drive any changes
Learning curve from errors is less steep than at many other places
Advice: Break up the clusters of people just promoting themselves
Create an atmosphere where creating value comes first
Motivate managers to take more risks  and decisions (even if it means that an error can happen)
Pros: Large company with many career possibilities
Well-respected and known company name
Good place to create a network
Good work-life balance, good salaries

Cons: Working hours 7 days a week
Block rooms to work, don't have fire extinguishers for safety
Dull environment
Seats are not comfortable for staff
Not fair chance to put your point in front of seniors
Advice: Keep a core knowledge of dealerships, what they are doing, the staff review survey, the safety measures of showroom premises

Your seniors level management comes every month, eat &amp; drink highest price food but no one ever bother about staff security measures to fight from unexplained disasters
Pros: Supportive Staff, Cleanliness, Facilities availability

Cons: Very poorly run, extremely unorganised, to few staff to do the job properly,shocking management as all they want to do is “hit with a stick” to get results and tick the VW boxes, bullying of some weaker staff is common place hence the revolving door, selling cars seems to be an after thought
Advice: Look after your staff properly and they will look after you and your company and make it a good place to work thus creating continuity with staff not wanting to leave all the time
Pros: The earning potential is quite good with a great quality VW brand

Cons: Slow;
Progress is too long;
Not paperless, so many hand-writing signatures needed for one small thing;
Advice: Move quickly, hire the real talent as INTERNAL, respect all technical guys not only commercial and purchasing guys. Be paperless! Learn from Silicon Valley not Seattle for cars' connection.
Pros: Salary is good;
The internal training course is good;
Nice trade union;
Annual leave is plenty;
The brand name is well known;
Stable;
etc.

Cons: The ambition in the new technology area is quite slow; You need to prepare very persuasive documents while demonstrating smart ideas to others.
Advice: None
Pros: the working environment and colleagues are quite good as expected, although the internal processes are a little bit sophisticated and have a few political pressure behind, the outcome goes typically well and neutral if your superior supporting you.

Cons: Only 1 week paid vacation per year. You can't take time off between Oct to Dec and April to June, because of tire season.
Advice: Good luck trying to get a raise or promoted, won't happen.
Pros: Benefits are pretty standard 80% covered. You get discounts on parts and service.

Cons: Wasn't a fan of how the Financial Services Department functioned.
Advice: Keep doing what you are doing. Loved HBDI,  collaborative culture, Workshops offered and Volkswomen.
Pros: Forward thinking, great management, great culture, progressive thinking and the brand love is very present.

Cons: there are no cons for working in the volkswagen
Advice: None
Pros: As a Volkswagen representative, I was given the responsibility to deal with multinational companies for bulk car deals. Employer trusts new talents and gives them enough freedom and responsibilities to make decisions.

Cons: Sometimes you can feel the office politics
Advice: None
Pros: Clear structure. Big company with different teams working together on projects. Very competitive salary even as intern. Helpful colleagues around. Some tough projects but OT is almost not a thing. Very nice working environment

Cons: In my opinion. there is  a lot bureaucracy; (although they are trying to improve)
Advice: None
Pros: Work environment and Work conditions;

Cons: A lo to do, a lot of presure!
Advice: Pay attention in the departments  ( mobility, connectivity, online services, electro-mobility). Processes and the way the work is structured should be upgraded.
Pros: Good Salary and benefits .

Cons: Distributor in Kazakhstan should have tried harder to save its contract with VW.
Advice: None
Pros: I am proud to had been part of the VW brand. Great team in Wolfsburg, great cars.

Cons: I have lots interest in cars
Advice: Communication should be more good
Pros: Actually I love Volkswagen cars then it’s king of automobile. Lots of people don’t know why only Das auto calls to Volkswagen. But I know

Cons: Lots of indecision and lack of strategy from to top
Advice: Listen to your people and trust them to get on with the right things
Pros: Great benefits and facilties. People are really nice

Cons: - Slow company like the parent company
- Little chance to grow within this VW subsidiary
Advice: None
Pros: - Nice colleagues and atmosphere
- Job security
- Capable and competent engineers
- Big name

Cons: Poor management . The turn over was quite high
Advice: The turn over is too high .
Pros: Good working environment 

Great incentives ( u get to drive the latest cars )

Cons: a lot of bureaucracy, sometimes changes can be slow (including staff development)
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary, great cars and a lot of different factories all over the world to work with

Cons: -Only got interviewed by one manager which seemed unfair
Advice: Rotate managers on interviews (speed dating style) would be great
Pros: -Very organised
-Professional
-Amazing insight into the company
-Well Co-ordinated

Cons: Less sales of VW  cars
Advice: More branding of premium VW cars.
Pros: Get a chance to learn at VW academy delhi, good cars and growing company

Cons: Cant think of anything really wrong despite the company getting a reputation for selling cars that damage the environment...
Advice: None
Pros: good salary, pretty big company, nice incentives

Cons: HR is Hopeless. She is only as the MD informer. No HR Work done.

Incentives paid very low that too need to ask for it for 2 months.

HR &amp; MD find reasons and hold back salary and not pay it always
Advice: CHOR MANAGEMENT. MANLY MD AND HR
Pros: Will have to search for it

Cons: Interns cannot learn very much and feel nothing to do sometimes.
Advice: None
Pros: Good and dynamic team environment, free canteen, free shuttle bus service.

Cons: Highly beaurocratric and few english is spoken and
Advice: None
Pros: The teams and executives are very open minded and welcoming

Cons: Location Is an issue and travel time
Advice: None
Pros: It was a good company to work for some years ago. Bonus. Transport. Subsidized food.

Cons: -  might be a bit limited in scope an width
Advice: None
Pros: - challenging
- if you show commitment, great diversity of opportunity.
- enjoyed international experiences

Cons: Nothing against them.My desire is to change to England to live and work there.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work.

Cons: As per my experience no cons at all
Advice: None
Pros: Best organization to start your career with and great work culture

Cons: - base pay not so great
- limited succession planning
Advice: None
Pros: -Great working environment and a collaborative team
- company car

Cons: Long hours, can be boring on quiet days.
Advice: None
Pros: Great team, company car, varied days, value good customer service.

Cons: Culture is terrible. Very hierarchical. Very dictatorship orientated.  No investment in what customers want. Every manager is out for themselves.
Advice: Listen to your people.  Some Directors and people mangers are only interested in themselves and their brand not the business.
Pros: Pay is decent. Free car at a manager level

Cons: Some of their places are quite tight in the garage
Advice: Keep it up
Pros: Very good first job and great for work experience

Cons: Needs more focus for women in automotive
Advice: None
Pros: Great placement during undergraduate. Lots of opportunities to work with more senior people

Cons: Supportive staff, good culture, good support from technical team
Advice: No advise to management, management also good.
Pros: Good product, safe product, latest features

Cons: Restricted  by cloned management style
Advice: Go there and Learn how to sell yourself
Pros: Global Opportunities and  safe employment

Cons: can get quite warm, Long working hours but it is worth it
Advice: None
Pros: flexible working hours, you can bring a dog

Cons: Lack of Organisaion effectiveness  and lack of correct promotion policy
Advice: No advice
Pros: Overtime for assistant manager for extra working hours

Cons: Money for first year is pretty low but gets better
Advice: None
Pros: Learning about the job whilst earning

Cons: Not so easy to grow internally
Some slow processes
Advice: None
Pros: International environment 
Good welfare policy

Cons: Disadvantages you can think of for a big company
Advice: None
Pros: A pay that matches your hours

Cons: Senior management are very poor - they don't trust you to do your job
Not listened to unless you have 15+ years automotive retail experience
HR department are useless
Advice: Look outside your bubble
Listen and trust your people
Pros: New company car every 4 months or so
Some nice people

Cons: Unforgiving when it comes to disciplinary actions.
Advice: None
Pros: Great people, good cars.

Cons: Salary and employee motivation needed
Advice: Need to balance
Pros: System and global approach is good

Cons: there is nothing downsides from this company
Advice: no
Pros: i think this company is best choice for me

Cons: Lack of jobs on a daily basis
Advice: None
Pros: Great staff to be working with &amp; some good group Incentives.

Cons: No worklife balance. A lot of internal politics. Blame culture
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly team. Good car ownership scheme.

Cons: No worklife balance. A lot of internal politics. Blame culture
Advice: None
Pros: Very friendly team. Good car ownership scheme.

Cons: Frequently changing HR policies about Increment &amp; promotion
Advice: Performance Review Improvement
Pros: Good Work life balance

Cons: Doesn't provide food, no canteen, very few social aspects
Advice: None
Pros: Small workforce, easy to get to know people

Cons: too much politics. management are not aware of it
Advice: None
Pros: generous bonus compared to other companies

Cons: None. The timing to arrive is very early.
Advice: None
Pros: Great company to work with

Cons: Strict time policies
Not being paid on time
Advice: None
Pros: Flexible clothing policy and comprehensive training

Cons: Very hectic...Constantly work overtime and very less work-life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Good Salary
Good promotion opportunity
Challenging environment

Cons: No negative experience at the employer.
Advice: None
Pros: Emotional Product, good salary, smart people

Cons: Career opportunities, HR policies , etc....
Advice: None
Pros: Perks, Culture, benefits,  brand, innovation

Cons: Nothing for now, so far so good
Advice: None
Pros: Good salary with good benifits

Cons: Location of headquarters, business language german
Advice: None
Pros: Development possibilities, foreign assignment, team work

Cons: Could work on management and e-learning
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work at

Cons: Poor salary, no career progression,insufficient training
Advice: None
Pros: Flexibility,free restaurant, reduced work hours on Friday

Cons: Far from city pune and located in chakan
Advice: None
Pros: Nice working culture here in vw

Cons: bad cafeteria, not many to eat
Advice: None
Pros: VM has very good workers there

Cons: Chakan hampers the work life balance
Advice: None
Pros: Great exposure. Lot of learning

Cons: No cons to working there
Advice: None
Pros: Benefits, work life balance, management
