Cons: Insufficient management diversity, need for higher  comercial and sales orientation, not strong enough in marketing, poor performance in USA market, strugglingh with SEAT, very high fixed costs, too many number of Brands
Advice: More orientation to customer experience, more focus in marketing, review of structural costs, skip Brands with insufficient performance, more diversity in management including more nacionalities apart from German
Pros: Many successfull brands in the group, great product development, worlwide sales leader, extremely high market share in Europe, Latam and China, good geographic balance, outstanding financial results, high stock market capitalization

Cons: Terrible development
Awful HR
Management promise jobs to people before they are on the advertised wasting others time at interview
IF your face fits you will be fine, or a woman who entertains her male "boss"
Advice: Managing Directors need to watch the management below them as they truly are running a muck!
Pros: The only positive of this coming are the benefits such as onsite physio, but they use these benefits to cover up the fact they are terrible employers.

Cons: In some departments you are seen purely as a mean to get work done. Most often the human aspect is set aside.
Advice: Praising to maintain a policy of equality doesn't just mean stating it on you websites, it also means internalizing and incorporating it to all departments and devisions.
Pros: Great salary and unbeatable working hours. The work live balance is will not be harmed, except if it comes to three shift work.

Cons: The location is not perfect as it is located 40Km south of Lisbon. Can generate the feeling of being in a prision if you work there too long.
Advice: Keep up with the spirit of team work. Increase the hiring of young people to create the inovation spirit and allow generation knoledge transfer
Pros: Fantastic for new Engineers. Good team work. Very well organized and comunicates very well with employees. POssibility to learn German

Cons: Bureaucratic, too much emphasis placed on processes, although employee car ownership scheme is an exceptional benefit you aren't always guaranteed the vehicle you want yet you must still pay the same amount. Also employees on starting salaries must pay the same as Directors for their vehicles
Advice: None
Pros: Great atmosphere, amazing benefits, opportunities to move around the brands and functions, iconic brands and talented colleagues

Cons: If you are not German, run away from it. There is a very old mentality there, non Germans cannot evolve in their carreer. There is a lot of people coming to VW from all over the World, and then literally running away after a few years, once they realize how racist and German-oriented is the company.
Advice: Do something for internationalization. After many years working there as non German, the mentality seems more like a landside farm then an Company willing to lead the Automotive domain worldwide
Pros: Perfect for Germans. Higher salary than the average

Cons: Long hours are required, in most positions leaving on time is not good considered. Not really possibility of promotion, really political environment (corporation) .
Advice: Better opportunities of promotion for employees and overall not promote extra hours.
Pros: Good perks, good environment, good experience in a good company, possibility to work in Germany.

Cons: Gender bias, Lacks transparency in work
Advice: Should provide career opportunities even to girls while accepting that they are no less capable and qualified than a man
Pros: Supportive work culture, Good place to learn while interacting with some of the finest and talented people of industry

Cons: It was incredibly bureaucratic and a very slow moving corporation. Change was generally not welcome and it operated much like a government.
Advice: None
Pros: The cars are truly fantastic and working in Germany was a great experience. It was very interesting to learn how a huge corporation like Volkswagen AG operates.

Cons: Huge charge, everyone works more Than 8 hours a day
Advice: The y should encourage tema work and asign aperitivo task to ea y member. Focus on the new employees.
Pros: High tema Performance and team work across units.

Cons: Communication flow to all levels
Advice: In some instances to apply the communication flow to all colleagues.
Pros: Corporate and professional, good work-life balance, opportunities to grow, clear company values

Cons: No good research and development. Job mainly focused on productivity and not research.
Advice: Awesome Management everywhere. Couldn't have been better
Pros: Great Food, Big company, lots to learn in production and Motorsports.

Cons: Improve the keys and quality and minimize the cases of repeat repair
Advice: Keep looking for the best results
Pros: Managing people and time to achieve the target and css

Cons: No compromise when it comes to quality.
Advice: Good Management
Pros: Global Automotive manufacturing organization. Very Good Process & systems.

Cons: aggressive, market expansion, localization, dealer management
Advice: None
Pros: Culture, Wellbeing,Work-life balance, operation efficincy, marketing force

Cons: did not get the vaule of my sincerity,loyalti, and my hardwork.
Advice: The management should not only value it's customers, but also it's employees.
Pros: To  look ahead towards new challanges.

Cons: Not a lot of investment in interns
Pay is awful
Advice: Interns are potential future employees, so invest in teaching them more.
Pros: A lot of perks come with the job
Good people

Cons: Dealership level management isn't too good. Needs more people that care bout its employees.
Advice: None
Pros: Great Brand. Great Training. A lot of opportunity to move in the VW company.

Cons: A bit bureaucratic. Projects takes long time to get approved.
Advice: None
Pros: Well established company and brands in China, which makes work much easier to proceed.

Cons: - Work / life balance
- Bad planification
- Unequal workloads
Advice: None
Pros: - Good working environment
- Challenging environment
- Good and experienced colleagues
- Interesting business sector

Cons: Heavy Enviroment of production area
Advice: Oportunities to travel worldwide and improve the production area
Pros: Good Salary and development, you can learn top world methodologies

Cons: No parallel growth , Senior Management close group
Advice: be more open to employees
Pros: good work culture and work life balance

Cons: Respect to Ideas, Nothing as such
Advice: Work Hard as a new IT Office
Pros: Environment, Freedom, Exploration, Services, Breakfast, Lunch, Transport

Cons: Promtions and salary increase fixed
Advice: Appreciate tour personal
Pros: Good perks, job garantee, good learning experience

Cons: low salary
Rigidity in organization make employee isolated
Advice: Give salary as per industry standards
Pros: Good for Learning
High motivation standards

Cons: Bad management with bosses on short term assignment
Advice: None
Pros: Good company with great brand

Cons: + tto much work by the deadline
Advice: None
Pros: + good enviroment, health insurance

Cons: not getting paid on time
no proper increament
Advice: None
Pros: very cool environment.
no much workload.
better understanding between people

Cons: Salary not up to mark
Advice: ...
Pros: 5 days working, work life balance

Cons: Very less scope of development
Repetitive Task
Advice: None
Pros: Good Working Environment
Good Food
Get to understand the German culture

Cons: low benefits and low salary. Don't treat as an intern
Advice: None
Pros: nice environment and work culture

Cons: Decisions are very long, take too much time. Extremely hierarchical
Advice: None
Pros: Worldwide know company. High technology

Cons: Minimal Politics and favoritism is there
Advice: None
Pros: Big company. New setup is there

Cons: Has to deal with legacy 3rd parties
Advice: None
Pros: Diverse tech stack, smart colegues.

Cons: Difficult access to Top Management,
Advice: None
Pros: Trainning, competitive salaries and bonus,

Cons: no communication
no structure
no idea what they want
Advice: have some vision
Pros: dumb staff
cheap food
work for 5 months without anyone knowing what you are doing

Cons: lots of politics
restrictive work conditions
Advice: None
Pros: good interview experience
got to test my potential
