Cons: It is never enough, if you work hard, they want you to work harder 

Volvo gent should be more important than your private life 

Bad communication 

Work pressure to high 

Pretend to be a good employer  but only cares about making cars and profit 

Benefits of the company are only adapted for the people Who are making the rules instead of those Who are making the cars
Advice: Have more respect for the People Who work for the company
Pros: Good salary, good payment 

Company car program

A lot of benefits such as bonus and insurances 

Company restaurant with cheap food 

Nice cars

Cons: Many processes are quite slow. Often, it takes much time to get the information one needs.
Advice: Improve data management
Pros: Flat hierarchy, interesting projects, opportunities to contribute, work/life balance, nice offsites.
Good opportunities to meet leaders and learn from them.
All in all, nice internship and I would always recommend Volvo Cars as a good employer for interns.

Cons: The working location is a litter bit far from the downtown.
Advice: None
Pros: The working environment is really nice, and the colleagues are also kind to help you. The company has a great culture to value you and inspire you. A lot of resources are available to you if you want to be better.

Cons: Arranging and setting up rotations to different departments can take some effort, small price to pay though.
Advice: N/A
Pros: Flexibility
Being able to choose to try things both new and interesting to you

Cons: Job not so exctiting as expected, low multicultural environment, continuous changes from the management, slow paced environment,
Advice: None
Pros: Good environment, team working, low stress job, skilled people, flex hours, fair salary, adequate work-life balance, people care

Cons: No career growth, less Salary
Advice: Maintain the standard salary slab for everyone
Pros: Flexible , good culture, brand value, good colleagues

Cons: we were a small company in South Afriva VCSA with not a lot of room for career growth.
Advice: You are on the right track! Well done
Pros: Family orientated, transparent, great work atmosphere, care for the environment

Cons: Increase its confidence as the products are so good
Advice: Attract positive people and include the Swedish heretic in the company world wide
Pros: A company with very positive momentum, spirit and code of conduct

Cons: Pays less than the main competitors at the moment.
Advice: None
Pros: A lot of momentum at the moment with several exciting projects and nice working environment

Cons: Slow promotion, lack of communication
Advice: None
Pros: good salary, stable, caring, working with smart a lot of people

Cons: Didn't encounter any. Was there only for 6 months.
Advice: None
Pros: Great place to work, did my thesis there.

Cons: ..... .... .... .... .....
Advice: None
Pros: international move, salary, benefits, working ethic

Cons: Language and not much of cons though
Advice: None
Pros: Resources, openness, freedom, work and life balance

Cons: Sometimes a little too much bureaucracy
Advice: None
Pros: Interesting projects, many professionals eager to help

Cons: Nothing I would like to change
Advice: None
Pros: Good Work Environment and challenges
