Cons: A lot of change of organisation and roles going on. Still some traditional OEM culture going on with people resisting change and challenge of the business models.
Advice: Dare to challenge old models and try the new. Give people a chance to grow into roles, hire people with right mindset and train on the job. Hire managers who can manage people not only the project.
Pros: Great work life balance. Development opportunities within company to try out new things. Great people and culture. A lot of growth and forward spirit. Good benefits.

Cons: - No governance on employee performance
- Promotions are 100% subjective
- Outdated digital infrastructure 
- Average age is high thus the mindset and culture are very old
- HQ is almost 90% Swedes, major steps needed for international diversity
- Regions are highly disconnected from HQ
- Workplace is very bland and boring,  feels like 1990s
- Extremely slow decision making
Advice: - Hire more internationals
- Hire younger people
- Govern employee performance
- Understand the importance of data and digital infrastructure
Pros: - Growing and recognized brand
- Decent product portfolio
- Tons of development opportunities

Cons: Totally toxic culture in Australia NSC.  HQ actively promotes a whisteblower program, which enables disgruntled employees &amp; dealers to tell outrageous lies about good employees. Targeted employees axed on basis of biased police style investigations, and without opportunity to answer accusations. 
Structure of bonus program actively favors head office senior management  and discriminates against local team.
Advice: Get real about ethics and culture. Build a realistic  culture based on people. Time serving seat warmers have too much say.  Targets are realistic, but budgets &amp; resources aren't consistent. Allow  a more stable plan to achieve growth targets
Pros: Fantastic Product, ambitious plans, some good colleagues (outside the clique). Roomy offices, good furniture. Company car policy very reasonable. Gender equal pay structures

Cons: Hard to say, but being a relatively small player in the automotive industry does face certain challenges.
Advice: Not to get too confident with the current success run, sometimes revolution comes in the form of quick evolutionary steps.
Pros: Great culture, good w-l-balance, positive momentum! Absolutely a place I would recommend to a close friend looking for work.

Cons: Zero factory support to fulfill plans. Local management unable to make decisions. Manual handling in a digital era.
Advice: Purchase an ERP system. Listen to open minded colleagues. Doesn’t fear to say NO if the factory pushes not sellable models.
Pros: Good product. Good team. Challenging tasks

Cons: You have to be an extrovert to make a career in this company
Advice: Be more open to fast career climbing
Pros: Flexible working hours, lots of opportunities. Growing brand

Cons: too big company , each of the emploee just focus on a very small side of the work
Advice: None
Pros: work and life balance, international working environment

Cons: No rooms for leisure or relaxing activities (ex:ping pong)
Advice: None
Pros: Working Culture, supportive management, structured ways of working, human centered compay

Cons: No respect for selling a car on behalf of someone else
Advice: Show appreciation more on high achievers
Pros: Drive new cars nice managers

Cons: - Big organization where it can be hard to get noticed
Advice: None
Pros: * Flexible working hours
* Company benefits such as discounts

Cons: In this Business you have to do a lot of hours.
Advice: None
Pros: Volvo Cars are really luxurious and the product is amazing.

Cons: Structure in some areas might be perceived as a bit horizontal
Advice: None
Pros: High Diversity and great Organizational Culture. Cares about people.

Cons: not too many bad things to say
Advice: some more money would be good
Pros: good atmosphere
innovative product design
flexible working hiurs

Cons: Interns not treated well from HR
Advice: Revise terms of employement for interns
Pros: Fully integrated into team, good culture

Cons: nothing much to say cons
Advice: management is ok
Pros: It is nice company, you can get training while working

Cons: not applicable to company and not applicable
Advice: need more employee oriented
Pros: Brand value more for volvo

Cons: Senior Management is not interactive.
Advice: None
Pros: Nice work culture. Easy going environment

Cons: Lack of marketing in India
Advice: None
Pros: Please check instagram handle @volvoinmyveins

Cons: not a global company, but european
Advice: None
Pros: great company, good product, and fika
